615656 An exploratory dive into the deepest depths of the ocean of a daring research team spirals into chaos when a malevolent mining operation threatens their mission and forces them into a high-stakes battle for survival. based on novel or book sequel kaiju Action Science Fiction Horror
758323 Father Gabriele Amorth Chief Exorcist of the Vatican investigates a young boy's terrifying possession and ends up uncovering a centuries-old conspiracy the Vatican has desperately tried to keep hidden. spain rome italy vatican pope pig possession conspiracy devil exorcist skepticism catholic priest 1980s supernatural horror Horror Mystery Thriller
533535 A listless Wade Wilson toils away in civilian life with his days as the morally flexible mercenary Deadpool behind him. But when his homeworld faces an existential threat Wade must reluctantly suit-up again with an even more reluctant Wolverine. hero superhero anti hero mutant breaking the fourth wall marvel cinematic universe (mcu) mutants superhero teamup Action Comedy Science Fiction
667538 When a new threat capable of destroying the entire planet emerges Optimus Prime and the Autobots must team up with a powerful faction known as the Maximals. With the fate of humanity hanging in the balance humans Noah and Elena will do whatever it takes to help the Transformers as they engage in the ultimate battle to save Earth. peru alien end of the world based on cartoon based on toy robot duringcreditsstinger 1990s brother brother relationship Action Adventure Science Fiction
693134 Follow the mythic journey of Paul Atreides as he unites with Chani and the Fremen while on a path of revenge against the conspirators who destroyed his family. Facing a choice between the love of his life and the fate of the known universe Paul endeavors to prevent a terrible future only he can foresee. epic based on novel or book fight sandstorm sand spice chosen one sequel distant future creature planet desert destiny giant worm space opera sand dune messiah vengeance giant creature power violence dune part two Science Fiction Adventure
912649 Eddie and Venom are on the run. Hunted by both of their worlds and with the net closing in the duo are forced into a devastating decision that will bring the curtains down on Venom and Eddie's last dance. hero superhero anti hero villain alien life form based on comic sequel aftercreditsstinger woman director direct farcical straightforward Science Fiction Action Adventure
640146 Super-Hero partners Scott Lang and Hope van Dyne along with with Hope's parents Janet van Dyne and Hank Pym and Scott's daughter Cassie Lang find themselves exploring the Quantum Realm interacting with strange new creatures and embarking on an adventure that will push them beyond the limits of what they thought possible. hero ant sequel superhero based on comic family superhero team aftercreditsstinger duringcreditsstinger marvel cinematic universe (mcu) Action Adventure Science Fiction
677179 After dominating the boxing world Adonis Creed has been thriving in both his career and family life. When a childhood friend and former boxing prodigy Damien Anderson resurfaces after serving a long sentence in prison he is eager to prove that he deserves his shot in the ring. The face-off between former friends is more than just a fight. To settle the score Adonis must put his future on the line to battle Damien — a fighter who has nothing to lose. philadelphia pennsylvania husband wife relationship deaf sports sequel orphan former best friend ex con childhood friends juvenile detention center boxing prodigy Drama Action
614479 To put their demons to rest once and for all Josh Lambert and a college-aged Dalton Lambert must go deeper into The Further than ever before facing their family's dark past and a host of new and more horrifying terrors that lurk behind the red door. sequel demon franchise insidious supernatural horror evil spirits directorial debut fifth part Horror Mystery Thriller
519182 Gru and Lucy and their girls—Margo Edith and Agnes—welcome a new member to the Gru family Gru Jr. who is intent on tormenting his dad. Gru also faces a new nemesis in Maxime Le Mal and his femme fatale girlfriend Valentina forcing the family to go on the run. superhero villain sequel super villain illumination kids disapproving Animation Family Comedy Action
569094 After reuniting with Gwen Stacy Brooklyn’s full-time friendly neighborhood Spider-Man is catapulted across the Multiverse where he encounters the Spider Society a team of Spider-People charged with protecting the Multiverse’s very existence. But when the heroes clash on how to handle a new threat Miles finds himself pitted against the other Spiders and must set out on his own to save those he loves most. sacrifice villain comic book sequel superhero based on comic alternate dimension alternate version super power brooklyn new york city superhero team spider bite super villain cliffhanger teen superhero alternate universe female superhero cartoon spider Action Adventure Animation Science Fiction
653346 Several generations in the future following Caesar's reign apes are now the dominant species and live harmoniously while humans have been reduced to living in the shadows. As a new tyrannical ape leader builds his empire one young ape undertakes a harrowing journey that will cause him to question all that he has known about the past and to make choices that will define a future for apes and humans alike. empire kingdom gorilla dystopia eagle sequel anthropomorphism distant future ape orangutan evolution chimpanzee primate sign languages journey cgi live action hybrid clan post apocalyptic evil tyrant Science Fiction Adventure Action
917496 After a family tragedy three generations of the Deetz family return home to Winter River. Still haunted by Betelgeuse Lydia's life is turned upside down when her teenage daughter Astrid accidentally opens the portal to the Afterlife. afterlife haunted house sequel paranormal teenage girl gothic death new england ghost horror comedy unexpected death mother daughter relationship fantasy fantasy comedy Comedy Fantasy Horror
572802 Black Manta still driven by the need to avenge his father's death and wielding the power of the mythic Black Trident will stop at nothing to take Aquaman down once and for all. To defeat him Aquaman must turn to his imprisoned brother Orm the former King of Atlantis to forge an unlikely alliance in order to save the world from irreversible destruction. superhero secret society half brother sequel revenge dysfunctional relationship dc extended universe (dceu) ancient evil underwater world vengeance brother brother relationship Action Adventure Fantasy
"594767 Billy Batson and his foster siblings who transform into superheroes by saying ""Shazam!"" are forced to get back into action and fight the Daughters of Atlas who they must stop from using a weapon that could destroy the world. superhero end of the world super power aftercreditsstinger duringcreditsstinger dc extended universe (dceu) teenager Action Comedy Fantasy Adventure"
455476 When a headstrong street orphan Seiya in search of his abducted sister unwittingly taps into hidden powers he discovers he might be the only person alive who can protect a reincarnated goddess sent to watch over humanity. Can he let his past go and embrace his destiny to become a Knight of the Zodiac? superhero based on manga live action anime Fantasy Action Adventure
786892 As the world fell young Furiosa is snatched from the Green Place of Many Mothers and falls into the hands of a great Biker Horde led by the Warlord Dementus. Sweeping through the Wasteland they come across the Citadel presided over by The Immortan Joe. While the two Tyrants war for dominance Furiosa must survive many trials as she puts together the means to find her way home. post apocalyptic future prequel spin off tyranny masculinity mother daughter relationship child abduction amused enthusiastic Action Adventure Science Fiction
753342 An epic that details the checkered rise and fall of French Emperor Napoleon Bonaparte and his relentless journey to power through the prism of his addictive volatile relationship with his wife Josephine. empire france biography napoleon bonaparte based on true story napoleonic wars 19th century biopic History War Drama
573435 After their late former Captain is framed Lowrey and Burnett try to clear his name only to end up on the run themselves. miami florida sequel on the run police detective buddy cop buddy comedy Action Crime Thriller Comedy
933131 After a deadly earthquake turns Seoul into a lawless badland a fearless huntsman springs into action to rescue a teenager abducted by a mad doctor. post apocalyptic future earthquake badlands based on webcomic or webtoon seoul south korea Action Science Fiction Drama
968051 In 1956 France a priest is violently murdered and Sister Irene begins to investigate. She once again comes face-to-face with a powerful evil. france bullying sequel religion demon gothic horror demonic possession praying duringcreditsstinger all girls school 1950s demonic convent the conjuring universe Horror Mystery Thriller
280180 Forty years after his unforgettable first case in Beverly Hills Detroit cop Axel Foley returns to do what he does best: solve crimes and cause chaos. daughter detective beverly hills black cop buddy cop adoring cheerful Action Comedy Crime
670292 Amid a future war between the human race and the forces of artificial intelligence a hardened ex-special forces agent grieving the disappearance of his wife is recruited to hunt down and kill the Creator the elusive architect of advanced AI who has developed a mysterious weapon with the power to end the war—and mankind itself. artificial intelligence (a.i.) asia distant future space station child ex special forces missing wife robots war against machines Science Fiction Action Thriller
945961 While scavenging the deep ends of a derelict space station a group of young space colonizers come face to face with the most terrifying life form in the universe. alien life form alien space alien contact alien monster alien encounter space capsule alien hostility amused Horror Science Fiction
763215 A young woman's marriage to a charming prince turns into a fierce fight for survival when she's offered up as a sacrifice to a fire-breathing dragon. princess fire chase kingdom sword mountain revenge knight dragon hero's journey derisive hopeful fairytale Fantasy Action Adventure
933260 A fading celebrity decides to use a black market drug a cell-replicating substance that temporarily creates a younger better version of herself. new year's eve capitalism black market identity beauty satire aging celebrity female protagonist los angeles california has been aerobics disfigurement woman director beauty standards insecure woman toxic masculinity drug body horror youth provocative actress Drama Horror Science Fiction
772515 Valeria's joy at becoming a first-time mother is quickly taken away when she's cursed by a sinister entity. As danger closes in she's forced deeper into a chilling world of dark magic that threatens to consume her. pregnant woman woman director Drama Horror Mystery
619930 April 1940. The eyes of the world are on Narvik a small town in northern Norway a source of the iron ore needed for Hitler's war machine. Through two months of fierce winter warfare the German leader is dealt with his first defeat. winter world war ii based on true story bombing young girl War Drama History Action
695721 64 years before he becomes the tyrannical president of Panem Coriolanus Snow sees a chance for a change in fortunes when he mentors Lucy Gray Baird the female tribute from District 12. daughter based on novel or book arena fight mentor dystopia riot exploration president prequel survival murder snow creature battle spin off fight to the death young adult origin story based on young adult novel death game teenager Drama Science Fiction Action
639720 A young girl who goes through a difficult experience begins to see everyone's imaginary friends who have been left behind as their real-life friends have grown up. friendship imaginary friend angry imaginary live action and animation imagination Comedy Fantasy Family
726209 A family's getaway to a luxurious rental home takes an ominous turn when a cyberattack knocks out their devices — and two strangers appear at their door. based on novel or book crisis vacation Drama Mystery Thriller Science Fiction
646097 A former Marine confronts corruption in a small town when local law enforcement unjustly seizes the bag of cash he needs to post his cousin's bail. small town police chief louisiana money police corruption ex marine tense admiring appreciative approving assertive Crime Action Thriller
697843 Tasked with extracting a family who is at the mercy of a Georgian gangster Tyler Rake infiltrates one of the world's deadliest prisons in order to save them. But when the extraction gets hot and the gangster dies in the heat of battle his equally ruthless brother tracks down Rake and his team to Vienna in order to get revenge. mercenary sequel rescue mission long take based on graphic novel Action Thriller
762441 As New York City is invaded by alien creatures who hunt by sound a woman named Sam fights to survive with her cat. monster escape cat alien prequel survival survivalist fear spin off noise silence quiet Horror Science Fiction Thriller
758009 Darcy and Tom gather their families for the ultimate destination wedding but when the entire party is taken hostage “’Til Death Do Us Part” takes on a whole new meaning in this hilarious adrenaline-fueled adventure as Darcy and Tom must save their loved ones—if they don’t kill each other first. wedding hostage situation Action Romance Comedy
32516 Rich and powerful Simon Qing has been schooled in the ways of sex by his virile father but is still a virgin. That is until he meets his first love Violetta who has fun with him all over his father’s estate. Their love does not last so Simon embarks on a journey. Along the way he meets the comely nun Moon whom Simon deflowers and then marries. He then becomes enamored of Golden Lotus but she is married to dwarf Wu Da-Lang. sexual humor adult Comedy Drama Romance
762430 When a mysterious caller puts a bomb under his car seat Matt Turner begins a high-speed chase across the city to complete a specific series of tasks. With his kids trapped in the back seat and a bomb that will explode if they get out of the car a normal commute becomes a twisted game of life or death as Matt follows the stranger's increasingly dangerous instructions in a race against time to save his family. bomb assassination remake divorce duringcreditsstinger phone call berlin Action Mystery Thriller Crime
842544 Ryan Logan a former Special Forces operative is battling to cope with life after the loss of his wife.  He is thrusted into the criminal underworld to keep his only son from being taken from him. loss of loved one criminal underworld special forces coping mechanisms Crime Thriller Drama
848326 When a peaceful colony on the edge of the galaxy finds itself threatened by the armies of the tyrannical Regent Balisarius they dispatch Kora a young woman with a mysterious past to seek out warriors from neighboring planets to help them take a stand. space war space space opera space adventure action hero alien spaceship super hero girls space vessel Science Fiction Action Adventure
315162 Puss in Boots discovers that his passion for adventure has taken its toll: He has burned through eight of his nine lives leaving him with only one life left. Puss sets out on an epic journey to find the mythical Last Wish and restore his nine lives. fairy tale talking dog spin off aftercreditsstinger talking cat fear of death Animation Family Fantasy Adventure Comedy
748783 Garfield the world-famous Monday-hating lasagna-loving indoor cat is about to have a wild outdoor adventure! After an unexpected reunion with his long-lost father – scruffy street cat Vic – Garfield and his canine friend Odie are forced from their perfectly pampered life into joining Vic in a hilarious high-stakes heist. friendship cat villain based on comic lasagne computer animation based on cartoon food dog female villain aftercreditsstinger father son relationship adaptation adoring joyful Animation Comedy Family Adventure Action
940551 After a migrating duck family alights on their pond with thrilling tales of far-flung places the Mallard family embarks on a family road trip from New England to New York City to tropical Jamaica. duck migration flight anthropomorphism family animal chef overprotective father illumination bird Animation Action Adventure Comedy Family
882569 During the war in Afghanistan a local interpreter risks his own life to carry an injured sergeant across miles of grueling terrain. ambush interpreter afghanistan afghanistan war (2001 ) rescue war War Action Thriller
799155 With the Parliament under siege India’s first super soldier Arjun Shergill is tasked to get hold of the terrorists in the nick of time save the Prime Minister from their clutches and stop a dirty bomb from exploding and destroying Delhi. Will Arjun succeed in his mission? parliament super soldier soldier indian army Action Science Fiction Thriller
299054 Armed with every weapon they can get their hands on and the skills to use them The Expendables are the world’s last line of defense and the team that gets called when all other options are off the table. But new team members with new styles and tactics are going to give “new blood” a whole new meaning. sequel nuclear bomb cargo ship ring Action Adventure Thriller
892070 Christmas is coming. The children accidentally break a Nativity scene figurine from their father's collection and must by all means get an equal one the problem is that it is a unique antique piece. Sara the eldest daughter breaks up with her boyfriend Ocho who will try to recover her favors with the help of her father-in-law Javier. Precisely Javier's father-in-law Marisa's father will be welcomed into the family home to spend the holidays after her recent separation which will not leave Javier's mother Milagros indifferent. Rocío the folklore of the family who has been playing the Virgin for several Christmases is relegated this year to playing the shepherdess something that her father Javier is not willing to assume. nan Comedy Family
614930 After years of being sheltered from the human world the Turtle brothers set out to win the hearts of New Yorkers and be accepted as normal teenagers through heroic acts. Their new friend April O'Neil helps them take on a mysterious crime syndicate but they soon get in over their heads when an army of mutants is unleashed upon them. new york city sibling relationship skateboarding crime fighter turtle superhero ninja duringcreditsstinger teenage mutant ninja turtles aspiring journalist anthropomorphic animal Animation Comedy Action
843794 On an uninhabitable 22nd-century Earth the outcome of a civil war hinges on cloning the brain of an elite soldier to create a robot mercenary. artificial intelligence clone future mercenary dystopia robot 22nd century war Science Fiction Action Adventure
840326 Deep in the wilderness of Lapland Aatami Korpi is searching for gold but after he stumbles upon Nazi patrol a breathtaking and gold-hungry chase through the destroyed and mined Lapland wilderness begins. world war ii nordic mythology lapland finnish mythology Action War
603692 With the price on his head ever increasing John Wick uncovers a path to defeating The High Table. But before he can earn his freedom Wick must face off against a new enemy with powerful alliances across the globe and forces that turn old friends into foes. new york city martial arts hitman sequel organized crime osaka japan aftercreditsstinger hunted professional assassin neo noir berlin Action Thriller Crime
862553 Nina and Allen split everything in their lives 50/50 after their break-up to avoid any drama—everything that is except for their favorite local bar. Nina and Allen must compete in a ridiculous tavern-style custody battle for their prized watering hole in which lines will be drawn sides will be chosen and beers will be drunken. nan Comedy
920143 The last year High School excursion is the walk where anything can happen but the last year High School excursion with the parents that is the last straw. And since Álvaro Castaño knows that security is better than the police he decides to travel with his family to watch over his daughter Sarita however his mother-in-law Raquel is not willing to allow it and also embarks in the plan . On the paradisiacal beaches of San Andrés Álvaro Castaño will become Sara's nightmare and the sensation for the excursion while his sexy mother-in-law of him will be the one to steal the show. El Paseo 6 the last yeat High School excursion because the luck of the grandmother the High School girls wish it. mother in law grandmother excursion comedy paradise beaches Comedy
713704 A reunion between two estranged sisters gets cut short by the rise of flesh-possessing demons thrusting them into a primal battle for survival as they face the most nightmarish version of family imaginable. sibling relationship earthquake pregnancy sequel gore los angeles california demon evil necronomicon reboot demonic possession motherhood sisterhood sister sister relationship body horror apartment Thriller Horror
965571 The brothers Sultan and Bekzat Ibrayev are serving faithfully in the Armed Forces of Kazakhstan and at the same time they are in family disagreement. Sultan is a valiant intelligence officer and Bekzat is a talented fighter pilot. While an international terrorist organization prepares a carefully planned attack on the country's strategically important facilities the brothers have to face not only a mortal threat but also face a family confrontation related to their dead father. Circumstances force them to unite in order to save human lives and the brothers eventually understand that their homeland and family are the most valuable thing they have. nan Action War
852096 After Kevin finds a ghost named Ernest haunting his new home he becomes an overnight social media sensation. But when Kevin and Ernest go rogue to investigate the mystery of the latter's past they become targets of the CIA. cia haunted house ghost social media Fantasy Family Comedy Adventure
385687 Over many missions and against impossible odds Dom Toretto and his family have outsmarted out-nerved and outdriven every foe in their path. Now they confront the most lethal opponent they've ever faced: A terrifying threat emerging from the shadows of the past who's fueled by blood revenge and who is determined to shatter this family and destroy everything—and everyone—that Dom loves forever. sequel revenge betrayal racing family cliffhanger shocking cars foreboding ominous urgent Action Crime Thriller
587092 An army of bear cubs train and indoctrinate young recruits for the war against the unicorns which threatens the safety of the cubs. Brothers Bluet and Tubby along with a group of inexperienced cadets are sent on a dangerous mission to save the Magic Forest where the unicorns live and start a terrible battle. gore bear unicorn war animation Action Animation Comedy Fantasy Horror War
736526 Deep inside the mountain of Dovre something gigantic awakens after being trapped for a thousand years. Destroying everything in its path the creature is fast approaching the capital of Norway. But how do you stop something you thought only existed in Norwegian folklore? mountain mythical creature creature norwegian folklore Fantasy Action Adventure Thriller
676547 In response to a global rise in demonic possessions the Catholic Church reopens exorcism schools to train priests in the Rite of Exorcism. On this spiritual battlefield an unlikely warrior rises: a young nun Sister Ann. Thrust onto the spiritual frontline with fellow student Father Dante Sister Ann finds herself in a battle for the soul of a young girl and soon realizes the Devil has her right where he wants her. nun exorcism catholic church demonic possession Horror Thriller
718821 As storm season intensifies the paths of former storm chaser Kate Carter and reckless social-media superstar Tyler Owens collide when terrifying phenomena never seen before are unleashed. The pair and their competing teams find themselves squarely in the paths of multiple storm systems converging over central Oklahoma in the fight of their lives. tornado twister natural disaster oklahoma storm chaser disaster storm disaster movie social media influencer exhilarated exuberant Action Adventure Drama
746036 Fresh off an almost career-ending accident stuntman Colt Seavers has to track down a missing movie star solve a conspiracy and try to win back the love of his life while still doing his day job. stuntman missing person duringcreditsstinger movie industry action comedy based on tv series factual amused joyful Action Comedy
858017 Teenager Owen is just trying to make it through life in the suburbs when his classmate introduces him to a mysterious late-night TV show — a vision of a supernatural world beneath their own. In the pale glow of the television Owen’s view of reality begins to crack. high school friendship loss of sense of reality sexuality identity obsession surrealism asthma sleepover nostalgia suburbia coming of age loneliness arcade vhs tv show in film guilt lgbt lgbt teen planetarium running away gender dysphoria existentialism 1990s subconscious 2000s 2010s movie theater independent film body horror teenager liminal space nonbinary director depressing gay Drama Horror
826753 Remy a seemingly naive and devout young woman finds herself cast out from her religious cult. With no place to turn she immerses herself into the underground world of truck stop sex workers. Under the watchful eye of their matriarch and an enigmatic local lawman Remy navigates between her strained belief system and the code to find her true calling in life. nan Horror Thriller
846433 A noir thriller set in Miami the film follows an enforcer who discovers his femme fatale boss has branched out into cyber sex trafficking putting a young runaway he’s befriended at risk. He sacrifices everything to save the young girl from the deadly organization he’s spent his life building. nan Action Thriller Drama
967847 The Spengler family returns to where it all started – the iconic New York City firehouse – to team up with the original Ghostbusters who've developed a top-secret research lab to take busting ghosts to the next level. But when the discovery of an ancient artifact unleashes an evil force Ghostbusters new and old must join forces to protect their home and save the world from a second Ice Age. new york city supernatural ghostbuster sequel teenage girl ghost duringcreditsstinger research laboratory evil force ancient artifact Fantasy Adventure Comedy
287003 The deconstruction of the Avatar scenes and sets behind the scenes Documentary
283995 The Guardians must fight to keep their newfound family together as they unravel the mysteries of Peter Quill's true parentage. sequel superhero based on comic misfit space aftercreditsstinger duringcreditsstinger marvel cinematic universe (mcu) Adventure Action Science Fiction
800815 West Point New York 1830. When a cadet at the burgeoning military academy is found hanged with his heart cut out the top brass summons former New York City constable Augustus Landor to investigate. While attempting to solve this grisly mystery the reluctant detective engages the help of one of the cadets: a strange but brilliant young fellow by the name of Edgar Allan Poe detective based on novel or book winter investigation historical figure murder gothic horror occult west point book 1830s Mystery Crime Horror
466420 When oil is discovered in 1920s Oklahoma under Osage Nation land the Osage people are murdered one by one—until the FBI steps in to unravel the mystery. husband wife relationship based on novel or book war veteran fbi greed oklahoma manipulation native american based on true story murder racism series of murders genocide period drama courtroom guilt true crime oil industry death of sister catholicism uncle nephew relationship catholic guilt hopeless 1920s osage indian gullibility poisoning diabetes anxious revisionist western meta male protagonist western shot on film gloomy Crime History Drama
947938 When a plane crashes at sea dolphins rescue a little boy and raise him as family. He lives a carefree life beneath the waves until an evil monster seizes power over the underwater world. The boy is banished to dry land where a kind-hearted captain takes him in. With the captain’s help the boy sets out on a journey to solve the mystery of his true identity. nan Animation Adventure Fantasy Comedy
11 Princess Leia is captured and held hostage by the evil Imperial forces in their effort to take over the galactic Empire. Venturesome Luke Skywalker and dashing captain Han Solo team together with the loveable robot duo R2-D2 and C-3PO to rescue the beautiful princess and restore peace and justice in the Empire. empire galaxy rebellion android hermit smuggling (contraband) freedom rebel rescue mission space planet desert super power oppression space opera wizard totalitarianism star wars universe Adventure Action Science Fiction
635302 Tanjiro Kamado joined with Inosuke Hashibira a boy raised by boars who wears a boar's head and Zenitsu Agatsuma a scared boy who reveals his true power when he sleeps boards the Infinity Train on a new mission with the Fire Hashira Kyojuro Rengoku to defeat a demon who has been tormenting the people and killing the demon slayers who oppose it! fight magic psychology supernatural gore survival tragedy coming of age based on manga demon historical family mutilation dark fantasy shounen anime taisho Animation Action Adventure Fantasy Thriller
943221 Nala a thirteen-year-old girl from the city travels with her family to her grandmother's home in the countryside to try to find a cure for her little sister's mysterious illness - But she'll soon find her granny is not exactly what she seems... nan Horror
700391 65 million years ago the only 2 survivors of a spaceship from Somaris that crash-landed on Earth must fend off dinosaurs and reach the escape vessel in time before an imminent asteroid strike threatens to destroy the planet. monster asteroid cave giant monster dinosaur quicksand crash landing alien race sick child prehistoric adventure prehistoric times shipwrecked prehistory man vs nature father daughter relationship alien spaceship Science Fiction Adventure Thriller
599019 It has been a year since Mic Mic and Oscar returned from their incredible adventure. And now after a diabolical plan by Vulture to sabotage the delivery of the Grizzly cub to his opponent in the American presidential elections Mic Mic Oscar Panda teenager and Stork set off on another great adventure as they ride a zeppelin to return little Grizzly to its rightful parents and save the American elections and the whole continent from an erupting volcano. panda bear rabbit Animation Family Adventure Comedy
661374 World-famous detective Benoit Blanc heads to Greece to peel back the layers of a mystery surrounding a tech billionaire and his eclectic crew of friends. detective greece investigation satire sequel murder mystery billionaire whodunit puzzle box clue identical twin murder mystery arrested development covid 19 Comedy Crime Mystery
698687 The untold origin story of Optimus Prime and Megatron better known as sworn enemies but once were friends bonded like brothers who changed the fate of Cybertron forever. based on toy giant robot questioning aftercreditsstinger duringcreditsstinger buddy movie brothers in arms relationship wonder origin story wistful friend turned enemy alien robot ambivalent straightforward Animation Science Fiction Adventure Action Family
842942 After escaping a Michigan prison a charming career criminal assumes a new identity in Canada and goes on to rob a record 59 banks and jewellery stores while being hunted by a rogue task force. Based on the story of The Flying Bandit. detective canada bank robber strip club pregnancy based on true story disguise jewel heist vancouver escaped prisoner ottawa canada prison escapee childbirth pembroke canada london canada Crime Drama Thriller
872585 The story of J. Robert Oppenheimer's role in the development of the atomic bomb during World War II. husband wife relationship based on novel or book atomic bomb patriotism new mexico world war ii atomic bomb test physics biography based on true story interrogation guilt historical event nuclear weapons communism red scare mccarthyism top secret project moral dilemma usa politics 1940s antisemitism 20th century manhattan project los alamos Drama History
150540 When 11-year-old Riley moves to a new city her Emotions team up to help her through the transition. Joy Fear Anger Disgust and Sadness work together but when Joy and Sadness get lost they must journey through unfamiliar places to get back home. dream san francisco california minnesota sadness cartoon disgust ice hockey imaginary friend elementary school family relationships memory fear family anger unicorn running away duringcreditsstinger emotions joy brisk Animation Family Adventure Drama Comedy
966220 Mykola is an eccentric pacifist who wants to be useful to humanity. When the war begins at Donbass Mykola’s naive world is collapsing as the militants kill his pregnant wife and burn his home to the ground. Recovered he makes a cardinal decision and gets enlisted in a sniper company. Having met his wife’s killers he emotionally breaks down and arranges “sniper terror” for the enemy. He’s saved from a senseless death by his instructor who himself gets mortally wounded. The death of a friend leaves a “scar” and Mykola is ready to sacrifice his life. europe eastern europe donbass war russian invasion of ukraine 2010s ukraine war war in ukraine russo ukrainian war War Action Drama
945729 Celebrated sleuth Hercule Poirot now retired and living in self-imposed exile in Venice reluctantly attends a Halloween séance at a decaying haunted palazzo. When one of the guests is murdered the detective is thrust into a sinister world of shadows and secrets. venice italy loss of loved one detective based on novel or book post world war ii séance murder mystery halloween night palazzo retired detective Mystery Thriller Crime
614933 A brilliant counterterrorism analyst with a deep distrust of AI discovers it might be her only hope when a mission to capture a renegade robot goes awry. mission artificial intelligence (a.i.) exploration attack soldier battle military Science Fiction Action
899112 When a team of mercenaries breaks into a wealthy family compound on Christmas Eve taking everyone inside hostage the team isn’t prepared for a surprise combatant: Santa Claus is on the grounds and he’s about to show why this Nick is no saint. holiday santa claus mercenary saving christmas booby trap duringcreditsstinger christmas Action Comedy Crime Thriller
818422 The discovery of a chopped-off hand in a Brussels canal forces Belgian police diver Kiki to face deep guilt from the past her own and her country’s.  Based on the book ‘Ritual’ by Mo Hayder. nan Thriller
884605 On the brink of losing her childhood home Maddie discovers an intriguing job listing: wealthy helicopter parents looking for someone to “date” their introverted 19-year-old son Percy before he leaves for college. To her surprise Maddie soon discovers the awkward Percy is no sure thing. romantic comedy bankruptcy craigslist socially awkward uber arrested development late coming of age helicopter parenting Comedy Romance
616037 After his retirement is interrupted by Gorr the God Butcher a galactic killer who seeks the extinction of the gods Thor Odinson enlists the help of King Valkyrie Korg and ex-girlfriend Jane Foster who now wields Mjolnir as the Mighty Thor. Together they embark upon a harrowing cosmic adventure to uncover the mystery of the God Butcher’s vengeance and stop him before it’s too late. ex girlfriend hero greek mythology sequel superhero based on comic shadow norse mythology aftercreditsstinger duringcreditsstinger marvel cinematic universe (mcu) heroes norse god colorless child abduction thor Fantasy Action Comedy
869112 On a trip to her hometown workaholic Ally reminisces with her first love Sean and starts to question everything about the person she's become. Things only get more confusing when she meets Sean's fiancé Cassidy who reminds her of the person she used to be. marriage romantic comedy lgbtq Romance Comedy Drama
828899 After the heroic rescue of Toki Wartooth DETHKLOK frontman Nathan Explosion finds himself traumatized in a BRUTAL professional and romantic flat-spin all while he is tasked with fulfilling the prophecy and confronting the ultimate songwriting challenge: write the SONG OF SALVATION and save the planet. Can Nathan Explosion look beyond his brutally damaged ego to save his band stop the Metalocalypse and finally face the ultimate evil: Salacia? based on tv series Animation Comedy Music
520758 A band of fearless chickens flock together to save poultry-kind from an unsettling new threat: a nearby farm that's cooking up something suspicious. chicken sequel stop motion animal reboot claymation plasticine Animation Adventure Comedy Family
961323 A knight framed for a tragic crime teams with a scrappy shape-shifting teen to prove his innocence. monster knight metamorphosis lgbt shape shifter fantastique teenager animation science fantasy Animation Adventure Fantasy
943822 At the turn of the 19th century Pugilism was the sport of kings and a gifted young boxer fought his way to becoming champion of England. nan Drama Action
551271 The story of 14th century Czech icon and warlord Jan Zizka who defeated armies of the Teutonic Order and the Holy Roman Empire. nan History Action Drama
873126 After old enemies kill his family a former mafia enforcer and his feisty daughter flee to Milan where they hide out while plotting their revenge. nan Action Crime Thriller
411 Siblings Lucy Edmund Susan and Peter step through a magical wardrobe and find the land of Narnia. There they discover a charming once peaceful kingdom that has been plunged into eternal winter by the evil White Witch Jadis. Aided by the wise and magnificent lion Aslan the children lead Narnia into a spectacular climactic battle to be free of the Witch's glacial powers forever. saving the world sibling relationship witch based on novel or book self sacrifice winter cupboard beaver lion fairy tale epic surrealism battle based on children's book fantasy world duringcreditsstinger 1940s high fantasy based on young adult novel faun good versus evil Adventure Family Fantasy
951491 Between the events of 'Saw' and 'Saw II' a sick and desperate John Kramer travels to Mexico for a risky and experimental medical procedure in hopes of a miracle cure for his cancer only to discover the entire operation is a scam to defraud the most vulnerable. Armed with a newfound purpose the infamous serial killer returns to his work turning the tables on the con artists in his signature visceral way through devious deranged and ingenious traps. mexico city mexico sadism riddle gore sequel con artist cancer scam serial killer torture drugs survival horror duringcreditsstinger franchise jigsaw méxico saw death game requel Horror Thriller
823464 Following their explosive showdown Godzilla and Kong must reunite against a colossal undiscovered threat hidden within our world challenging their very existence – and our own. giant monster sequel dinosaur monkey kaiju fantasy world giant ape langue française godzilla king kong cliché pretentious Action Adventure Science Fiction Fantasy Thriller Mystery
744857 Residents of a small rural town discover that a demon is about to be born among them. They desperately try to escape before the evil is born but it may be too late. shotgun small town farm village possession gore goat demon police officer dog ex wife evil brother brother relationship brutal violence Horror
"542196 Inspired by the real-life German special operations unit KG 200 that shot down repaired and flew Allied aircraft as Trojan horses ""Wolf Hound"" takes place in 1944 German-occupied France and follows the daring exploits of Jewish-American fighter pilot Captain David Holden. Ambushed behind enemy lines Holden must rescue a captured B-17 Flying Fortress crew evade a ruthless enemy stalking him at every turn and foil a plot that could completely alter the outcome of World War II. world war ii War Action"
"1701 Newly-paroled former US Army ranger Cameron Poe is headed back to his wife but must fly home aboard a prison transport flight dubbed ""Jailbird"" taking the “worst of the worst” prisoners a group described as “pure predators” to a new super-prison. Poe faces impossible odds when the transport plane is skyjacked mid-flight by the most vicious criminals in the country led by the mastermind — genius serial killer Cyrus ""The Virus"" Grissom and backed by black militant Diamond Dog and psychopath Billy Bedlam. prison helicopter airplane escape undercover ambush war veteran gas station psychopath bravery mexican standoff sandstorm hijacking us army prison guard u.s. marshal serial killer shootout las vegas explosion brutality convict desert war hero diabetic dea agent hostile takeover skyjacker motorcycle chase disguises action hero army veteran prisoner transport transport plane Action Thriller Crime"
839738 Luì is about to receive his diploma as a scientist until Mr. S and Perfidia will try to undermine the Me against You. time travel ancient egypt egyptian mythology egyptian tomb egyptian princess Family Fantasy
940721 In postwar Japan a new terror rises. Will the devastated people be able to survive... let alone fight back? monster giant monster reboot kaiju duringcreditsstinger post war japan 1940s godzilla Science Fiction Horror Action
802401 Tanjiro now a registered Demon Slayer teams up with fellow slayers Zenitsu and Inosuke to investigate missing person cases on the mountain Natagumo. After the group is split up during a fight with possessed swordfighters they slowly begin to realize the entire mountain is being controlled by a family of Demon spider creatures.  A recap film of Kimetsu no Yaiba covering episodes 15-21 with some new footage and special ending credits. edited from tv series Action Animation Drama Fantasy
829402 With Tokyo under attack from kaiju Ultraman discovers his greatest challenge isn’t fighting giant monsters - it’s raising one. hero superhero villain baseball player kaiju duringcreditsstinger supervillain kyodai hero 3d animation ultraman henshin heroes Animation Science Fiction Family Action
663712 After being resurrected by a sinister entity Art the Clown returns to Miles County where he must hunt down and destroy a teenage girl and her younger brother on Halloween night.  As the body count rises the siblings fight to stay alive while uncovering the true nature of Art's evil intent. clown halloween resurrection sequel gore slasher killer killer clown duringcreditsstinger evil clown halloween night graphic violence megaslasher Horror
792307 Brought back to life by an unorthodox scientist a young woman runs off with a lawyer on a whirlwind adventure across the continents. Free from the prejudices of her times she grows steadfast in her purpose to stand for equality and liberation. ship london england experiment paris france based on novel or book obsession lisbon portugal crooked lawyer love domestic abuse female protagonist doctor prostitution cruelty scientist masturbation disfigured face sexual awakening exploring sexuality sex worker female empowerment female sexuality brain transplant absurdism quest for knowledge spousal abuse women's liberation alexandria egypt victorian era quest for identity frankenstein pathetic body horror condescending Science Fiction Romance Comedy
573171 Follow the adventures of Toto and his family who will have to travel to the South Pole to fulfill their promise to return a polar bear and some Spanish penguins to their home. In order to fulfill the promise they will have to overcome some obstacles that will teach them how important teamwork is. nan Animation Adventure Comedy Family
833950 Amidst the problems in their childless marriage Matías and Eva try their hand at matchmaking setting up their friend Barbara with the man who seems perfect Julián. Once they realize that Julian is not what he seems they try to warn Barbara away but she may already be too infatuated. nan Comedy Romance Thriller
"912826 On the 10th anniversary of the publication of his first video on the Internet ""Rubius X"" is a documentary that deals with the origin motivation and secrets behind Rubius one of the most followed Spanish content creators in the world. A review of the history of a pioneer the icon of a whole generation who represents like few others the revolution of the new digital media. twitch streamer youtuber Documentary"
480530 Between personal obligations and training for his next big fight against an opponent with ties to his family's past Adonis Creed is up against the challenge of his life. sports sequel rivalry los angeles california boxing dedicated box ring ukraine Drama
507086 Four years after the destruction of Isla Nublar Biosyn operatives attempt to track down Maisie Lockwood while Dr Ellie Sattler investigates a genetically engineered swarm of giant insects. giant monster dinosaur child kidnapping jurassic animal sanctuary shot on film Adventure Action Science Fiction
929562 Helen and her daughter Emily reluctantly accompany Helen’s father Stan on a family camping trip driving deep into the forest for a real outdoors experience only to have angry landowner Howard arrive and force them to leave. When their RV gets stuck Helen decides to seek help but discovers a disturbing secret on the man’s property. She must then fight to protect her family and make it out of the forest alive before being hunted down. thriller survival backwoods Horror Thriller
810693 Yuta Okkotsu is a nervous high school student who is suffering from a serious problem—his childhood friend Rika has turned into a curse and won't leave him alone. Since Rika is no ordinary curse his plight is noticed by Satoru Gojo a teacher at Jujutsu High a school where fledgling exorcists learn how to combat curses. Gojo convinces Yuta to enroll but can he learn enough in time to confront the curse that haunts him? exorcism supernatural horror paranormal curse tragedy based on manga spirit demon school life shounen anime Animation Action Fantasy
312221 The former World Heavyweight Champion Rocky Balboa serves as a trainer and mentor to Adonis Johnson the son of his late friend and former rival Apollo Creed. underdog mexico mentor trainer sports cancer spin off underground fighting motivational speaker boxing legacy Drama
877269 A journey deep into an uncharted and treacherous land where fantastical creatures await the legendary Clades—a family of explorers whose differences threaten to topple their latest and by far most crucial mission. monster harmony farmer explorer lgbt teen alternative world Animation Family Adventure Science Fiction
877703 The wolves are howling once again as a terrifying ancient evil emerges in Beacon Hills. Scott McCall no longer a teenager yet still an Alpha must gather new allies and reunite trusted friends to fight back against this powerful and deadly enemy. sequel werewolf supernatural creature based on movie banshee northern california based on tv series 2020s Action Fantasy TV Movie
760741 A recently widowed man and his two teenage daughters travel to a game reserve in South Africa. However their journey of healing soon turns into a fight for survival when a bloodthirsty lion starts to stalk them. wild animal Thriller
932086 Follow the story of how the Old West was won—and lost—through the blood sweat and tears of many. Spanning 15 years before during and following the Civil War from 1859 to 1874 embark on an emotional journey across a country at war with itself experienced through the lens of families friends and foes all attempting to discover what it truly means to be the United States of America. montana indigenous brothel new mexico american civil war post civil war american west 19th century manifest destiny 1860s historical epic 1850s arrogant cliché disrespectful Drama Western
111332 The Making-of James Cameron's Avatar. It shows interesting parts of the work on the set. nan Documentary
768362 When her mother disappears while on vacation in Colombia with her new boyfriend June’s search for answers is hindered by international red tape. Stuck thousands of miles away in Los Angeles June creatively uses all the latest technology at her fingertips to try and find her before it’s too late. But as she digs deeper her digital sleuthing raises more questions than answers... and when June unravels secrets about her mom she discovers that she never really knew her at all. fbi detective story sequel teenage girl los angeles california missing person found footage amateur sleuth mother daughter relationship screenlife independent film colombia low budget Drama Mystery Thriller
798021 When the Walker family members switch bodies with each other during a rare planetary alignment their hilarious journey to find their way back to normal will bring them closer together than they ever thought possible. based on novel or book bullying dysfunctional family body swap family conflicts swedish family teen romance family comedy nuclear family Comedy Fantasy Family
897192 A new school year his brother Rodrick teases him over and over and over and over again. Will Greg manage to get along with him? Or will a secret ruin everything? based on novel or book sequel Animation Comedy Family
610150 The Red Ribbon Army an evil organization that was once destroyed by Goku in the past has been reformed by a group of people who have created new and mightier Androids Gamma 1 and Gamma 2 and seek vengeance against Goku and his family. android sequel attack based on manga fighting aftercreditsstinger duringcreditsstinger anime Animation Science Fiction Action
718930 Unlucky assassin Ladybug is determined to do his job peacefully after one too many gigs gone off the rails. Fate however may have other plans as Ladybug's latest mission puts him on a collision course with lethal adversaries from around the globe—all with connected yet conflicting objectives—on the world's fastest train. japan assassin based on novel or book mission train luck deadly snake duringcreditsstinger one location shot on film Action Comedy Thriller
899579 Margaret and Ben take a weekend trip with longtime friends Ellie and Thomas and their two young children. Eventually Ben begins to suspect something supernatural is occurring when the kids behave strangely after disappearing into the woods overnight. nan Horror Mystery Thriller
437342 When a young American woman is sent to Rome to begin a life of service to the church she encounters a darkness that causes her to question her own faith and uncovers a terrifying conspiracy that hopes to bring about the birth of evil incarnate. nun prophecy italy devil's son revelation anti christ prequel priest female protagonist church freaky dark secret religious horror Horror
76600 Set more than a decade after the events of the first film learn the story of the Sully family (Jake Neytiri and their kids) the trouble that follows them the lengths they go to keep each other safe the battles they fight to stay alive and the tragedies they endure. loss of loved one dying and death alien life form resurrection sequel dysfunctional family alien planet distant future adopted child rebirth family dynamics adopted son stronger villain war Science Fiction Adventure Action
675353 After settling in Green Hills Sonic is eager to prove he has what it takes to be a true hero. His test comes when Dr. Robotnik returns this time with a new partner Knuckles in search for an emerald that has the power to destroy civilizations. Sonic teams up with his own sidekick Tails and together they embark on a globe-trotting journey to find the emerald before it falls into the wrong hands. sequel based on video game duringcreditsstinger hedgehog live action and animation Action Adventure Family Comedy
361743 After more than thirty years of service as one of the Navy’s top aviators and dodging the advancement in rank that would ground him Pete “Maverick” Mitchell finds himself training a detachment of TOP GUN graduates for a specialized mission the likes of which no living pilot has ever seen. fighter pilot u.s. navy sequel nuclear weapons military Action Drama
740441 A woman’s life is turned upside-down when a dangerous man gets a hold of her lost cell phone and uses it to track her every move. based on novel or book stalker remake serial killer hacking cell phone phone smart phone father daughter relationship lost phone hacking Thriller Mystery
19995 In the 22nd century a paraplegic Marine is dispatched to the moon Pandora on a unique mission but becomes torn between following orders and protecting an alien civilization. culture clash future space war space colony society space travel futuristic romance space alien tribe alien planet marine soldier battle love affair nature anti war power relations mind and soul Action Adventure Fantasy Science Fiction
338958 Disillusioned with life in the city feeling out of place in suburbia and frustrated that her happily ever after hasn’t been so easy to find Giselle turns to the magic of Andalasia for help. Accidentally transforming the entire town into a real-life fairy tale and placing her family’s future happiness in jeopardy she must race against time to reverse the spell and determine what happily ever after truly means to her and her family. magic fairy tale musical wish princess sequel streaming Comedy Family Fantasy
811948 Tanjiro and his sister Nezuko have been apprehended by the Demon Slayer Hashira a group of extremely skilled swordfighters. Tanjiro undergoes trial for violating the Demon Slayer code specifically smuggling Nezuko a Demon onto Mt. Natagumo. A recap film of Kimetsu no Yaiba covering episodes 22-26 with some new footage and special ending credits. edited from tv series anime Animation Fantasy
740952 Newly engaged Shelby John and Ruby Red want a fresh start after their struggles with addiction but when Shelby discovers his beloved Ruby dead on their porch he embarks on a vengeful killing spree of the dealers who supplied her. Armed with nothing but adrenaline and a nail gun Shelby begins to unleash chaos on the town’s criminal underbelly as he hunt’s down crime lord Coyote. Sheriff Church must race against the clock to put an end to Shelby's vigilante justice before the entire town descends into a bloodbath. revenge recovering addict police pursuit opioid use disorder Action Mystery Thriller Crime
897087 An ex-special forces operative takes a job to provide security for a journalist as she interviews a dictator but a military coup breaks out in the middle of the interview they are forced to escape into the jungle where they must survive. coup d'etat dictatorship political assassination duringcreditsstinger investigative journalism ex special forces fictional city Action Comedy
"355338 Riley now 12 who is hanging out with her parents at home when potential trouble comes knocking. Mom's and Dad's Emotions find themselves forced to deal with Riley going on her first ""date."" parent child relationship rock music boyfriend first date emotions overprotective father short film Animation Family"
880841 After a young couple moves into a remote farmhouse with their infant son the woman's struggles with postpartum psychosis begin to intensify... as the house reveals secrets of its own. nan Horror Mystery Thriller
916224 Suzume 17 lost her mother as a little girl. On her way to school she meets a mysterious young man. But her curiosity unleashes a calamity that endangers the entire population of Japan and so Suzume embarks on a journey to set things right. door natural disaster teenage girl supernatural creature anime Animation Drama Adventure Fantasy
373571 Follows the heroic efforts of the crypto-zoological agency Monarch as its members face off against a battery of god-sized monsters including the mighty Godzilla who collides with Mothra Rodan and his ultimate nemesis the three-headed King Ghidorah. When these ancient super-species thought to be mere myths rise again they all vie for supremacy leaving humanity's very existence hanging in the balance. mexico boston massachusetts giant monster cryptozoology eco terrorism creature feature rodan kaiju aftercreditsstinger global threat animal horror king ghidorah sunken city mothra godzilla monsterverse Science Fiction Action
568124 The tale of an extraordinary family the Madrigals who live hidden in the mountains of Colombia in a magical house in a vibrant town in a wondrous charmed place called an Encanto. The magic of the Encanto has blessed every child in the family—every child except one Mirabel. But when she discovers that the magic surrounding the Encanto is in danger Mirabel decides that she the only ordinary Madrigal might just be her exceptional family's last hope. sadness immigration magic strong woman beauty musical big family forest supernatural family secrets flamenco family relationships teenage girl female protagonist joy of life family conflict helping children matriarch colombia Animation Comedy Family Fantasy
298618 When his attempt to save his family inadvertently alters the future Barry Allen becomes trapped in a reality in which General Zod has returned and there are no Super Heroes to turn to. In order to save the world that he is in and return to the future that he knows Barry's only hope is to race for his life. But will making the ultimate sacrifice be enough to reset the universe? hero secret identity superhero based on comic superhuman super power aftercreditsstinger butterfly effect dc extended universe (dceu) superhuman abilities loss of mother Action Adventure Science Fiction
"508883 While the Second World War rages the teenage Mahito haunted by his mother's tragic death is relocated from Tokyo to the serene rural home of his new stepmother Natsuko a woman who bears a striking resemblance to the boy's mother. As he tries to adjust this strange new world grows even stranger following the appearance of a persistent gray heron who perplexes and bedevils Mahito dubbing him the ""long-awaited one."" loss of loved one world war ii education coming of age spirituality poverty teenage boy troubled childhood semi autobiographical moving to a city anime hand drawn animation magic world animation courage Animation Adventure Fantasy"
862968 After losing her job a single mom falls into a lucrative but ultimately dangerous scheme selling prescription drugs. based on novel or book Drama Crime
370455 Defeating numerous villains in the abandoned area in Z-City but still having problems with rent money (and continued harassment from the landlady who says he's 3 months overdue) Saitama speaks with a shop owner who is being forced by a local gang to surrender his store's deed. Several other shops have gone out of business and his store is the last one; a conversation between the gang boss and one of his stooges reveal that the boss has had an impulse to buy out all the stores in the area to destroy them. nan Action Animation
565770 Recent college grad Jaime Reyes returns home full of aspirations for his future only to find that home is not quite as he left it. As he searches to find his purpose in the world fate intervenes when Jaime unexpectedly finds himself in possession of an ancient relic of alien biotechnology: the Scarab. armor superhero family relationships family high tech job hunting mexican american aftercreditsstinger duringcreditsstinger immigrant family college graduate dc extended universe (dceu) alien technology brother sister relationship latino Action Science Fiction Adventure
324786 WWII American Army Medic Desmond T. Doss who served during the Battle of Okinawa refuses to kill people and becomes the first Conscientious Objector in American history to receive the Congressional Medal of Honor. japan world war ii violent father pacifism bible biography okinawa conscientious objector based on true story gore religion soldier alcoholic war hero medic us military battle of okinawa congressional medal of honor Drama History War
703451 When best friends and total opposites Debbie and Peter swap homes for a week they get a peek into each other's lives that could open the door to love. romantic comedy big city friends in love house swapping best friends in love with best friend Romance Comedy
536437 A detective becomes entangled in a mystery involving his missing daughter and a secret government program while investigating a string of reality-bending crimes. hypnotism missing daughter Mystery Thriller Action Science Fiction
766507 When danger threatens her camp the fierce and highly skilled Comanche warrior Naru sets out to protect her people. But the prey she stalks turns out to be a highly evolved alien predator with a technically advanced arsenal. hunter alien life form prequel alien native american bear decapitation dog severed foot bear attack comanche human vs alien indigenous peoples severed arm dog hero 1700s great plains Thriller Action Science Fiction
829358 According to legend an ominous entity known as the Queen of Spades can be summoned by performing an ancient ritual. Four teenagers summon the Queen of Spades but they could never imagine the horrors that await them. remake fear of mirrors Horror
880313 Convinced the tragic deaths of her loved ones were orchestrated by a famous novelist she worked for Luciana turns to a journalist to expose her truth. wrath of god Thriller Drama
937337 Pedro is a single man in his forties who likes to party has no children and lives at night. Everything changes when he meets Alin. She mentions to him that she is looking for her dad and that there is a high probability that it is him. nan Comedy Family Romance
507089 Recently fired and desperate for work a troubled young man named Mike agrees to take a position as a night security guard at an abandoned theme restaurant: Freddy Fazbear's Pizzeria. But he soon discovers that nothing at Freddy's is what it seems. night shift child murder restaurant custody battle child in peril orphan security guard based on video game duringcreditsstinger troubled past child neglect animatronic abandoned building brother sister relationship ghost child child abduction Horror Mystery
436270 Nearly 5000 years after he was bestowed with the almighty powers of the Egyptian gods—and imprisoned just as quickly—Black Adam is freed from his earthly tomb ready to unleash his unique form of justice on the modern world. lightning anti hero superhero based on comic demon superhero team duringcreditsstinger dc extended universe (dceu) Action Adventure Science Fiction
609681 Carol Danvers aka Captain Marvel has reclaimed her identity from the tyrannical Kree and taken revenge on the Supreme Intelligence. But unintended consequences see Carol shouldering the burden of a destabilized universe. When her duties send her to an anomalous wormhole linked to a Kree revolutionary her powers become entangled with that of Jersey City super-fan Kamala Khan aka Ms. Marvel and Carol’s estranged niece now S.A.B.E.R. astronaut Captain Monica Rambeau. Together this unlikely trio must team up and learn to work in concert to save the universe. hero space travel sequel superhero based on comic teenage girl marvel cinematic universe (mcu) space adventure Action Adventure Science Fiction
899294 A tale of love and violence when a man on his emotional last legs finds a savior seductively dancing in a run-down strip club. And a life most certainly headed off a cliff suddenly becomes redirected - as everything is now worth dying for. nan Thriller Horror Crime
680133 Biopic on the father of the nation of Bangladesh Sheikh Mujibur Rahman. The film will showcase his growing up as a child to his standing up against all injustice in his youth to fighting for the independence of his country. How he led a country to it's independence with his inspirational presence and fight for the justice. political leader bangladesh bangladesh liberation war Drama History War
448387 A detailed examination of the film's costumes: construction functionality and staying true to the characters. It also covers set design and construction shooting in key locations the film's scope filming locations and more. nan Documentary
736769 A series of eerie events thrusts an unlikely trio onto the trail of a nefarious government conspiracy lurking directly beneath their neighborhood. conspiracy Comedy Science Fiction Mystery
871832 Marga who’s in the middle of a marital crisis with her husband Daniel decides to spend a few days alone in her old family home. Once there she starts to sense some strange and terrifying phenomena happening around her: an invisible entity seems to know a lot about her among other things that she’s having an affair with Carlos an old friend from college.  Marga has fallen pregnant by Carlos and on the day she’s going to have a secret abortion the entity won’t let her leave the house. On the verge of madness Marga discovers a portal in the house that leads to another reality. In this reality lives her other self and she’s actually trying to warn herself that something terrible is about to happen to her unless she makes a decision… nan Horror
866398 One man's campaign for vengeance takes on national stakes after he is revealed to be a former operative of a powerful and clandestine organization known as Beekeepers. potus secret government agency fbi agent beekeepers scammer scam call center inspirational retired assassin intense ambiguous amused familiar joyful powerful Action Crime Thriller
683328 A by-the-book female detective teams up with four down-on-their-luck assassins to investigate her father's murder. assassin indonesian action comedy retired assassin Action Comedy Crime
792775 When Bússi Iceland's toughest cop is forced to work with a new partner to solve a series of bank robberies the pressure to close the case as soon as possible proves too much for him. co workers relationship bank robbery lgbt crime spoof football (soccer) match ruthless cop reykjavík iceland gay based on sketch comedy Comedy Action Thriller
715931 Inspired by the gripping true story of a man who would do anything for his family—and for freedom. When Peter an enslaved man risks his life to escape and return to his family he embarks on a perilous journey of love and endurance. slavery based on true story black slave escape from slavery united states Action Drama Thriller
536554 A brilliant toy company roboticist uses artificial intelligence to develop M3GAN a life-like doll programmed to emotionally bond with her newly orphaned niece. But when the doll's programming works too well she becomes overprotective of her new friend with terrifying results. artificial intelligence evil doll aunt niece relationship orphan car accident niece robot juvenile delinquent doll information leak dead dog nosy neighbor hit by a car dead parents attacked by a dog creepy doll possessed doll Science Fiction Horror
502356 While working underground to fix a water main Brooklyn plumbers—and brothers—Mario and Luigi are transported down a mysterious pipe and wander into a magical new world. But when the brothers are separated Mario embarks on an epic quest to find Luigi. gorilla plumber anthropomorphism magic mushroom based on video game toad aftercreditsstinger duringcreditsstinger damsel in distress piano brother brother relationship illumination evil king cliché Animation Family Adventure Fantasy Comedy
458220 After 12 years in prison former high school football star Eddie Palmer returns home to put his life back together—and forms an unlikely bond with Sam an outcast boy from a troubled home. But Eddie's past threatens to ruin his new life and family. homophobia small town young boy ex con house trailer bullied irresponsible parent adult child friendship guardianship drug addict Drama
906126 On October 13 1972 Uruguayan Air Force Flight 571 chartered to take a rugby team to Chile crashes into a glacier in the heart of the Andes. based on novel or book 1970s based on true story struggle for survival andes mountains historical drama plane crash Drama History
823395 A quiet stoic man lives a monk-like existence in self-imposed exile. When his estranged son is killed in a drug deal gone bad he is left to look after a granddaughter he never knew existed and he is forced back into a life he tried to put behind him. nan Action Drama Crime Thriller
580489 After finding a host body in investigative reporter Eddie Brock the alien symbiote must face a new enemy Carnage the alter ego of serial killer Cletus Kasady. hero anti hero villain psychopath sequel superhero based on comic creature fear aftercreditsstinger symbiote carnage venom character Science Fiction Action Adventure
717980 A small wealthy family in New York City gets progressively torn apart by secrets lies and the theft that orchestrates all of it. new york city billionaire Thriller Crime Drama
124905 Ford Brody a Navy bomb expert has just reunited with his family in San Francisco when he is forced to go to Japan to help his estranged father Joe. Soon both men are swept up in an escalating crisis when an ancient alpha predator arises from the sea to combat malevolent adversaries that threaten the survival of humanity. The creatures leave colossal destruction in their wake as they make their way toward their final battleground: San Francisco. japan monster san francisco california hawaii giant monster tsunami remake prehistoric creature golden gate bridge dinosaur kaiju honolulu hawaii disaster movie global threat animal horror godzilla monsterverse Action Drama Science Fiction
638974 After starting their own detective agency Nick and Audrey Spitz land a career-making case when their billionaire pal is kidnapped from his wedding. kidnapping married couple whodunit wedding detective couple Comedy Mystery Action
787699 Willy Wonka – chock-full of ideas and determined to change the world one delectable bite at a time – is proof that the best things in life begin with a dream and if you’re lucky enough to meet Willy Wonka anything is possible. chocolate musical prequel nostalgic duringcreditsstinger cartel Comedy Family Fantasy
782936 A fashion designer hires a nanny from the Philippines to assist her in caring for her family while she is suffering from what she believes is a tick-related illness. The nanny uses traditional Filipino folk healing techniques to help her but in the process of doing so she uncovers a horrifying truth about why she is there and why her employer is actually sick. nan Mystery Thriller Horror
383498 Wisecracking mercenary Deadpool battles the evil and powerful Cable and other bad guys to save a boy's life. hero superhero mutant mercenary based on comic sequel aftercreditsstinger duringcreditsstinger Action Comedy Adventure
931405 The film follows a young boy who sets out on a mission to try and track down his long lost parents. nan Animation Adventure Comedy Action Family
883987 A hiker finds shelter in a mountain lodge inhabited by two strange women. rape assault insanity rage Thriller
820067 When five lovely young girls who hate studying hire part-time tutor Futaro he guides not only their education but also their hearts. Time spent has brought them all closer with feelings growing within the girls and Futaro. As they finish their third year of high school and their last school festival approaches they set their sights on what’s next. Is there a future with one of them and Futaro? adolescence sister harem romance slice of life school based on manga anime school culture festival Animation Comedy Romance
76341 An apocalyptic story set in the furthest reaches of our planet in a stark desert landscape where humanity is broken and most everyone is crazed fighting for the necessities of life. Within this world exist two rebels on the run who just might be able to restore order. rescue future australia chase dystopia post apocalyptic future survival on the run on the road convoy peak oil aggressive dark future furious audacious awestruck Action Adventure Science Fiction
118340 Light years from Earth 26 years after being abducted Peter Quill finds himself the prime target of a manhunt after discovering an orb wanted by Ronan the Accuser. spacecraft based on comic space orphan adventurer aftercreditsstinger duringcreditsstinger marvel cinematic universe (mcu) Action Science Fiction Adventure
938614 A live broadcast of a late-night talk show in 1977 goes horribly wrong unleashing evil into the nation's living rooms. new york city 1970s halloween possession hallucination evil hypnotism found footage satanic cult shocking death of wife parapsychology magician late night show supernatural horror satanic panic intense sinister awestruck ominous Horror
846778 As a group of seniors celebrate their final college days at a smart house the house's highly advanced AI system Margaux begins to take on a deadly presence of her own. A carefree weekend of partying turns into a dystopian nightmare as they realize Margaux's plans to eliminate her tenants one way or another. Time begins to run out as the group desperately tries to survive and outsmart the smart home. smart home Horror Science Fiction
293660 The origin story of former Special Forces operative turned mercenary Wade Wilson who after being subjected to a rogue experiment that leaves him with accelerated healing powers adopts the alter ego Deadpool. Armed with his new abilities and a dark twisted sense of humor Deadpool hunts down the man who nearly destroyed his life. superhero anti hero mercenary based on comic aftercreditsstinger duringcreditsstinger Action Adventure Comedy
674 When Harry Potter's name emerges from the Goblet of Fire he becomes a competitor in a grueling battle for glory among three wizarding schools—the Triwizard Tournament. But since Harry never submitted his name for the Tournament who did? Now Harry must confront a deadly dragon fierce water demons and an enchanted maze only to find himself in the cruel grasp of He Who Must Not Be Named. witch based on novel or book world cup maze magic dying and death school of witchcraft chosen one black magic mermaid boarding school vision school tournament dragon wizard teenage hero based on young adult novel Adventure Fantasy Family
878183 It's the final weeks of the most consequential presidential election in history. America is poised to elect either its first female president or its first viable independent candidate. Reporting history as it's made an idealistic young journalist teams up with her idol legendary journalist Nick Booker to uncover a conspiracy that places the fate of the election and the country in their hands. corruption usa president Thriller Drama
"765 Ash Williams and his girlfriend Linda find a log cabin in the woods with a voice recording from an archeologist who had recorded himself reciting ancient chants from ""The Book of the Dead."" As they play the recording an evil power is unleashed taking over Linda's body. blood splatter deer tape recorder chainsaw spirit over the top book of the dead evil dead eyeball necronomicon tarmac meat cleaver psychotronic shocking excited Horror Comedy Fantasy"
9737 Marcus Burnett is a henpecked family man. Mike Lowry is a footloose and fancy free ladies' man. Both Miami policemen they have 72 hours to reclaim a consignment of drugs stolen from under their station's nose. To complicate matters in order to get the assistance of the sole witness to a murder they have to pretend to be each other. miami florida mexican standoff male friendship witness protection stripper car crash strip club internal affairs police corruption gunfight foot chase drug lord murder investigation nostalgic hangar loose cannon buddy cop male camaraderie narcotics detective action hero buddy movie murder witness buddy detective duo stolen drugs Action Comedy Crime Thriller
634649 Peter Parker is unmasked and no longer able to separate his normal life from the high-stakes of being a super-hero. When he asks for help from Doctor Strange the stakes become even more dangerous forcing him to discover what it truly means to be Spider-Man. new york city loss of loved one showdown secret identity hero magic villain dangerous vigilante portal sequel superhero superhero team alternate reality masked vigilante spider web aftercreditsstinger duringcreditsstinger marvel cinematic universe (mcu) teenage hero fight for justice superhero teamup returning hero crossover teamwork Action Adventure Science Fiction
831223 Jennifer Dulos the wealthy Connecticut mother-of-five who mysteriously vanished. nan TV Movie Thriller Crime
671 Harry Potter has lived under the stairs at his aunt and uncle's house his whole life. But on his 11th birthday he learns he's a powerful wizard—with a place waiting for him at the Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry. As he learns to harness his newfound powers with the help of the school's kindly headmaster Harry uncovers the truth about his parents' deaths—and about the villain who's to blame. london england witch based on novel or book magic school friend child hero school of witchcraft chosen one friendship boarding school school shopping fantasy world wizard christmas based on young adult novel forbidden owl Adventure Fantasy
404378 James Bowen a homeless busker and recovering drug addict has his life transformed when he meets a stray ginger cat. based on novel or book cat drug addiction human animal relationship biography addiction recovering addict moral transformation street musician busker unlucky Family Drama
751741 Nick Daley is following in his father's footsteps as night watchman at the American Museum of Natural History so he knows what happens when the sun goes down. But when the maniacal ruler Kahmunrah escapes it is up to Nick to save the museum once and for all. museum Animation Comedy Family Fantasy
934287 Renowned psychologist Susanne (Signe Egholm Olsen) is caught in a living nightmare when her new client (Anton Hjejle) turns out to be a wanted serial killer. thriller serial killer psychological thriller Thriller Crime
960704 The Elric brothers’ long and winding journey comes to a close in this epic finale where they must face off against an unworldly nationwide threat. supernatural based on manga military live action anime suspense monsters Action Adventure Fantasy
850028 A young woman trapped in an abusive relationship becomes an unwitting participant in an intervention staged by her two closest friends. female friendship friendship psychological abuse thriller domestic abuse female protagonist intervention boyfriend girlfriend relationship woman director abusive boyfriend independent film Drama Thriller
808 It ain't easy bein' green -- especially if you're a likable (albeit smelly) ogre named Shrek. On a mission to retrieve a gorgeous princess from the clutches of a fire-breathing dragon Shrek teams up with an unlikely compatriot -- a wisecracking donkey. magic liberation lordship prince castle fairy tale robin hood enchantment swamp princess parody anthropomorphism dragon woman director ogre cartoon donkey Animation Comedy Fantasy Adventure Family
791155 While hanging out after school Charlie and his friends discover the headquarters of the world’s most powerful superhero hidden beneath his home. When villains attack they must team up to defend the headquarters and save the world. secret identity superhero group of friends alien technology father son relationship Science Fiction Family Action Adventure
763165 When a handshake deal goes sour funeral home owner Jeremiah O'Keefe enlists charismatic smooth-talking attorney Willie E. Gary to save his family business. Tempers flare and laughter ensues as the unlikely pair bond while exposing corporate corruption and racial injustice. based on true story trial racial tension corporate greed funeral director funeral home Comedy Drama
852046 Hours after the tragic death of their youngest brother in unexplained circumstances three siblings have their lives thrown into chaos. nan Drama
447365 Peter Quill still reeling from the loss of Gamora must rally his team around him to defend the universe along with protecting one of their own. A mission that if not completed successfully could quite possibly lead to the end of the Guardians as we know them. hero superhero mad scientist based on comic sequel superhero team space opera raccoon aftercreditsstinger duringcreditsstinger marvel cinematic universe (mcu) cosmic outer space chosen family Science Fiction Adventure Action
284052 After his career is destroyed a brilliant but arrogant surgeon gets a new lease on life when a sorcerer takes him under her wing and trains him to defend the world against evil. magic superhero training time based on comic sorcerer doctor neurosurgeon wizard aftercreditsstinger duringcreditsstinger marvel cinematic universe (mcu) Action Adventure Fantasy
836225 An American priest working in Mexico is considered a saint by many local parishioners. However due to a botched exorcism he carries a secret that’s eating him alive until he gets an opportunity to face his demon one final time. prison mexico small town exorcism possession possessed exorcist Horror
299534 After the devastating events of Avengers: Infinity War the universe is in ruins due to the efforts of the Mad Titan Thanos. With the help of remaining allies the Avengers must assemble once more in order to undo Thanos' actions and restore order to the universe once and for all no matter what consequences may be in store. space travel time travel time machine sequel superhero based on comic alien invasion superhero team marvel cinematic universe (mcu) alternate timeline father daughter relationship sister sister relationship Adventure Science Fiction Action
831223 Jennifer Dulos the wealthy Connecticut mother-of-five who mysteriously vanished. nan TV Movie Thriller Crime
937046 A violinist is found dead not far from the tomb of DaVinci in a suspicious position. Captain of the Orléans research section Alban Dutertre teams up with Officer Bérénice Amarillo. Alban and Bérénice will have to solve the puzzle. nan Crime TV Movie
832502 A stick-wielding monkey teams with a young girl on an epic quest for immortality battling demons dragons gods — and his own ego — along the way. nan Animation Fantasy Adventure Family Comedy
120 Young hobbit Frodo Baggins after inheriting a mysterious ring from his uncle Bilbo must leave his home in order to keep it from falling into the hands of its evil creator. Along the way a fellowship is formed to protect the ringbearer and make sure that the ring arrives at its final destination: Mt. Doom the only place where it can be destroyed. based on novel or book orcs elves dwarf magic obsession bravery fireworks mine maze mountain castle birthday party battle demon blizzard uncle nephew relationship fantasy world journey ring invisibility live action and animation hero's journey wraith sword and sorcery trekking good versus evil creatures epic quest hobbits trolls Adventure Fantasy Action
338947 A young woman struggling with addiction comes into possession of an ancient puzzle box unaware that its purpose is to summon the Cenobites a group of sadistic supernatural beings from another dimension. hell remake gore puzzle box based on short story cenobite Horror Mystery
671318 Thomas is a meek man on the verge of a nervous breakdown. Despite his situation he decides to fake a work trip to go to Vallarta to confront Jero a taxi driver who is sleeping with his wife. nan Comedy
675 Returning for his fifth year of study at Hogwarts Harry is stunned to find that his warnings about the return of Lord Voldemort have been ignored. Left with no choice Harry takes matters into his own hands training a small group of students to defend themselves against the dark arts. prophecy witch loss of loved one professor magic child hero dying and death school of witchcraft black magic sorcery court supernatural occult wizard scholar mystical land ministry based on young adult novel Adventure Fantasy Mystery
768744 A mysterious group called Humarize strongly believes in the Quirk Singularity Doomsday theory which states that when quirks get mixed further in with future generations that power will bring forth the end of humanity. In order to save everyone the Pro-Heroes around the world ask UA Academy heroes-in-training to assist them and form a world-class selected hero team. It’s up to the heroes to save the world and the future of heroes in what is the most dangerous crisis to take place yet in My Hero Academia. japan hero superhero school fighting super power shounen anime Animation Action Adventure Science Fiction
8961 Detectives Marcus Burnett and Mike Lowrey of the Miami Narcotics Task Force are tasked with stopping the flow of the drug ecstasy into Miami. They track the drugs to the whacked-out Cuban drug lord Johnny Tapia who is also involved in a bloody war with Russian and Haitian mobsters. If that isn't bad enough there's tension between the two detectives when Marcus discovers that playboy Mike is secretly romancing Marcus’ sister Syd. drug smuggling miami florida undercover agent cuba ku klux klan kidnapping money laundering mexican standoff ecstasy male friendship guantánamo sequel shootout criminal underworld drug lord exploding house dea agent undercover operation buddy cop narcotics detective action hero buddy movie haitian gang dead bodies buddy detective duo absurd russian mobster exhilarated Action Crime Comedy
90 Fast-talking quick-thinking Detroit street cop Axel Foley has bent more than a few rules and regs in his time but when his best friend is murdered he heads to sunny Beverly Hills to work the case like only he can. showdown drug smuggling undercover cocaine strip club gunfight mansion los angeles california foot chase art gallery detroit michigan warehouse childhood friends murder investigation beverly hills buddy cop buddy comedy country club maverick cop damsel in distress bar fight bearer bonds food delivery Comedy Crime Action
851644 Yeon-du asks her best friend Bora to collect all the information she can about Baek Hyun-jin while she is away in the U.S. for heart surgery. Bora decides to get close to Baek's best friend Pung Woon-ho first. However Bora's clumsy plan unfolds in an unexpected direction. In 1999 a year before the new century Bora who turns seventeen falls into the fever of first love. coming of age teenage girl first love nostalgic city life coming out of habits fresh city dreaming of a girl Romance Drama
338953 Professor Albus Dumbledore knows the powerful dark wizard Gellert Grindelwald is moving to seize control of the wizarding world. Unable to stop him alone he entrusts magizoologist Newt Scamander to lead an intrepid team of wizards and witches. They soon encounter an array of old and new beasts as they clash with Grindelwald's growing legion of followers. berlin germany prison witch magic election campaign curse bhutan fantasy world wizard magical creature 1930s good versus evil Fantasy Adventure Action
855440 MG a policewoman who has been expelled from the Corps due to the problems with alcohol and drugs that she has had since the loss of her son receives a call from a man asking her to look for Macarena Gómez a popular TV actress. police ex cop metafiction Action Adventure Thriller
"9502 When the Valley of Peace is threatened lazy Po the panda discovers his destiny as the ""chosen one"" and trains to become a kung fu hero but transforming the unsleek slacker into a brave warrior won't be easy. It's up to Master Shifu and the Furious Five -- Tigress Crane Mantis Viper and Monkey -- to give it a try. martial arts kung fu strong woman china tiger bravery restaurant shop panda sensei anthropomorphism fighting master destiny crane aftercreditsstinger wuxia monkey warrior viper Action Adventure Animation Family Comedy"
299536 As the Avengers and their allies have continued to protect the world from threats too large for any one hero to handle a new danger has emerged from the cosmic shadows: Thanos. A despot of intergalactic infamy his goal is to collect all six Infinity Stones artifacts of unimaginable power and use them to inflict his twisted will on all of reality. Everything the Avengers have fought for has led up to this moment - the fate of Earth and existence itself has never been more uncertain. magic sacrifice superhero based on comic space battlefield genocide magical object super power aftercreditsstinger marvel cinematic universe (mcu) cosmic Adventure Action Science Fiction
337167 Believing they have left behind shadowy figures from their past newlyweds Christian and Ana fully embrace an inextricable connection and shared life of luxury. But just as she steps into her role as Mrs. Grey and he relaxes into an unfamiliar stability new threats could jeopardize their happy ending before it even begins. based on novel or book eroticism sequel bdsm Drama Romance
1267 Lewis a brilliant young inventor is keen on creating a time machine to find his mother who abandoned him in an orphanage. Things take a turn when he meets Wilbur Robinson and his family. saving the world flying car tyrannosaurus rex adoption future time travel time machine mythical creature friendship best friend rescue team family Animation Comedy Family
118 A young boy wins a tour through the most magnificent chocolate factory in the world led by the world's most unusual candy maker. factory worker london england based on novel or book chocolate candy overweight child parent child relationship grandparent grandchild relationship teacher candy bar Adventure Comedy Family Fantasy
335984 Thirty years after the events of the first film a new blade runner LAPD Officer K unearths a long-buried secret that has the potential to plunge what's left of society into chaos. K's discovery leads him on a quest to find Rick Deckard a former LAPD blade runner who has been missing for 30 years. future android bounty hunter artificial intelligence (a.i.) genetics dystopia sequel cyberpunk los angeles california las vegas tech noir blade runner 2040s vibrant Science Fiction Drama
157336 The adventures of a group of explorers who make use of a newly discovered wormhole to surpass the limitations on human space travel and conquer the vast distances involved in an interstellar voyage. rescue future spacecraft race against time artificial intelligence (a.i.) nasa time warp dystopia expedition space travel wormhole famine black hole quantum mechanics family relationships space robot astronaut scientist single father farmer space station space adventure time paradox time manipulation father daughter relationship 2060s cornfield time manipulation awestruck Adventure Drama Science Fiction
744276 As a shocking truth about a couple's families emerges the two lovers discover they are not so different from each other. Tessa is no longer the sweet simple good girl she was when she met Hardin — any more than he is the cruel moody boy she fell so hard for. based on novel or book love teenage crush Romance Drama
678512 The story of Tim Ballard a former US government agent who quits his job in order to devote his life to rescuing children from global sex traffickers. pedophilia kidnapping human trafficking based on true story scam child kidnapping grooming lost children children in danger colombia Action Drama
496450 After a guardian of magical jewels turns an awkward girl and a popular boy into superheroes they can never reveal their identities — even to each other. paris france superhero musical interracial romance teen superhero Animation Fantasy Action Romance Family
447362 A 17 year old finds out that his girlfriend is dying so he sets out to give her an entire life in the last year she has left. nan Drama Romance
673 Year three at Hogwarts means new fun and challenges as Harry learns the delicate art of approaching a Hippogriff transforming shape-shifting Boggarts into hilarity and even turning back time. But the term also brings danger: soul-sucking Dementors hover over the school an ally of the accursed He-Who-Cannot-Be-Named lurks within the castle walls and fearsome wizard Sirius Black escapes Azkaban. And Harry will confront them all. flying witch bus traitor magic school friend child hero school of witchcraft black magic time travel friendship school best friend werewolf muggle wizard aftercreditsstinger magical creature night bus teenage life school class based on young adult novel magic spell Adventure Fantasy
893723 A magical meteor crash lands in Adventure City and gives the PAW Patrol pups superpowers transforming them into The Mighty Pups. superhero cartoon mad scientist sequel dog animals elasticity kids Animation Family Action Science Fiction Comedy Drama Adventure
703771 The assassin Deathstroke tries to save his family from the wrath of H.I.V.E. and the murderous Jackal. anti hero villain comic book superhero adult animation edited from tv series Animation Action Adventure Science Fiction
820525 Besieged by writer’s block and the crushing breakup with Tessa Hardin travels to Portugal in search of a woman he wronged in the past – and to find himself. Hoping to win back Tessa he realizes he needs to change his ways before he can make the ultimate commitment. lisbon portugal writer's block sequel love wedding social media troubled past male writer dysfunctional relationship based on young adult novel fanfic Romance Drama
"585083 When Van Helsing's mysterious invention the ""Monsterfication Ray"" goes haywire Drac and his monster pals are all transformed into humans and Johnny becomes a monster. In their new mismatched bodies Drac and Johnny must team up and race across the globe to find a cure before it's too late and before they drive each other crazy. monster vampire transformation aftercreditsstinger duringcreditsstinger human Animation Comedy Family Adventure Fantasy"
839436 A group of soldiers are taken to the mountains of Wales to investigate a strange looking monster. dragon creature Horror Fantasy Mystery
854239 The true story of Mamie Till Mobley’s relentless pursuit of justice for her 14 year old son Emmett Till who in 1955 was lynched while visiting his cousins in Mississippi. mother chicago illinois funeral son racist based on true story murder grief racism justice casket lynching death of son woman director 1950s civil rights movement Drama History
821489 Genuine but increasingly insecure Pete is cautiously excited about reuniting with his college crew for a birthday weekend of memories partying and earnest reconnection at a picturesque English manor. Best laid plans dear audience. nan Comedy Thriller Horror
820232 Tanjiro finds his family slaughtered and the lone survivor his sister Nezuko Kamado turned into a Demon. To his surprise however Nezuko still shows signs of human emotion and thought. Thus begins Tanjiro's journey to seek out the Demon who killed their family and turn his sister human again. A recap film of Kimetsu no Yaiba covering episodes 1-5 with extra footage. edited from tv series anime Action Animation Fantasy
760161 After escaping from an Estonian psychiatric facility Leena Klammer travels to America by impersonating Esther the missing daughter of a wealthy family. But when her mask starts to slip she is put against a mother who will protect her family from the murderous “child” at any cost. psychopath family secrets prequel murder impersonator mental patient psycho killer escaped mental patient missing daughter estonia female psychopath Horror Thriller
956842 Sparks fly in all directions as marketing maven Kelly Jones brought in to fix NASA's public image wreaks havoc on Apollo 11 launch director Cole Davis' already difficult task of putting a man on the moon. When the White House deems the mission too important to fail Jones is directed to stage a fake moon landing as backup and the countdown truly begins. nasa romantic comedy moon landing space race 1960s apollo program Comedy Romance
829560 Laura and Massimo's relationship hangs in the balance as they try to overcome trust issues while a tenacious Nacho works to push them apart. gangster bdsm rich man poor woman Romance Drama
631842 While vacationing at a remote cabin a young girl and her two fathers are taken hostage by four armed strangers who demand that the family make an unthinkable choice to avert the apocalypse. With limited access to the outside world the family must decide what they believe before all is lost. based on novel or book sacrifice faith end of the world apocalypse home invasion lgbt aftercreditsstinger adopted child adopted daughter gay theme same sex relationship religious symbolism Horror Thriller Mystery
912908 When Reggie is abandoned on the mean city streets by his lowlife owner Doug Reggie is certain that his beloved owner would never leave him on purpose. But once Reggie falls in with a fast-talking foul-mouthed stray who loves his freedom and believes that owners are for suckers Reggie finally realizes he was in a toxic relationship and begins to see Doug for the heartless sleazeball that he is. talking dog abandonment abandoned puppy talking animal Comedy
448387 A detailed examination of the film's costumes: construction functionality and staying true to the characters. It also covers set design and construction shooting in key locations the film's scope filming locations and more. nan Documentary
948276 Having cleared his name genius mechanic Lino has only one goal in mind: getting revenge on the corrupt cops who killed his brother and his mentor. french film Action Drama Thriller
284329 To celebrate the launch of the PS4 version of The Last of Us Naughty Dog brings last year’s Game of the Year to life in front of hundreds of fans in Santa Monica. This special one night only event will celebrate the artistry behind the game with a performance of the score plus a “live read” of key scenes featuring the principal actors as directed by Neil Druckmann live livestream Drama
457332 Two elite soldiers must escort civilians through a gauntlet of gunfire and explosions. middle east special forces buddy film buddy movie green zone highway of death Action Adventure Thriller Comedy
14836 A young girl discovers an idealized parallel universe behind a secret door in her new home unaware that it contains a sinister secret. friendship dream based on novel or book villain eye stuffed animal stop motion parallel world button new home secret door female villain aftercreditsstinger duringcreditsstinger horror for children talking cat parallel universe neil gaiman Animation Family Fantasy
804150 Inspired by a true story an oddball group of cops criminals tourists and teens converge in a Georgia forest where a 500-pound black bear goes on a murderous rampage after unintentionally ingesting cocaine. cocaine georgia animal attack based on true story rampage duringcreditsstinger woman director black bear apex predator Thriller Comedy Crime
772446 Fausto and Esther childhood was tormented. Fausto trying to escape from his father. Esther mistreated by her brother-in-law. They both begin to be involved in a supernatural situation. Over which they have no control. nan Horror
928773 A young Nurse is assigned to look after a patient in a remote location in the English countryside. As the night continues she finds herself terrorized by an unseen force that is connected with her patient. mythical creature supernatural creature Horror Thriller
"772436 Faced with the unexpected death of his estranged father -El Máscara- and the subsequent theft of his precious mask Rubén -Mascarita- will find himself confronted with his past. Alongside his invincible bodyguard Tony ""The Cannibal"" and an unexpected ally he will have only one day to recover it and make amends with the memory of his father. nan Action Comedy Adventure"
119450 A group of scientists in San Francisco struggle to stay alive in the aftermath of a plague that is wiping out humanity while Caesar tries to maintain dominance over his community of intelligent apes. san francisco california peace solidarity gorilla intelligence dystopia horse post apocalyptic future pacifism animal attack leader colony tank forest sequel woods anthropomorphism dam revenge betrayal golden gate bridge explosion ape scientist orangutan death chimpanzee medical research primate dead horse allegorical sign languages virus plague assassination attempt shocking aggressive murder by gunshot contagion guns soldiers 2030s animal human friendship war cgi live action hybrid violence against animals war horse intense depressing bitter bold powerful horse riding Science Fiction Action Drama Thriller
"397243 Father and son coroners receive a mysterious unidentified corpse with no apparent cause of death. As they attempt to examine the ""Jane Doe"" they discover increasingly bizarre clues that hold the key to her terrifying secrets. parent child relationship crematorium autopsy supernatural murder bell morgue corpse thunderstorm coroner autopsy room elevator cause of death ax Horror Mystery"
785084 A reclusive English teacher suffering from severe obesity attempts to reconnect with his estranged teenage daughter for one last chance at redemption. nurse missionary regret idaho addiction grief obesity based on play or musical neighbor teacher religion redemption death of lover election rebellious daughter guilt death lgbt sister in law eating disorder father daughter reunion empathy shame english teacher abandonment one location father daughter relationship 2010s gay character apartment 2016 essay food addiction religious symbolism Drama
597 101-year-old Rose DeWitt Bukater tells the story of her life aboard the Titanic 84 years later. A young Rose boards the ship with her mother and fiancé. Meanwhile Jack Dawson and Fabrizio De Rossi win third-class tickets aboard the ship. Rose tells the whole story from Titanic's departure through to its death—on its first and last voyage—on April 15 1912. drowning evacuation shipwreck iceberg forbidden love ship panic titanic ocean liner epic rich woman poor man based on true story love tragedy disaster tragic love historical fiction class differences love affair historical event lifeboat star crossed lovers sinking ship steerage rich snob disaster movie 1910s sunken ship Drama Romance
508947 Thirteen-year-old Mei is experiencing the awkwardness of being a teenager with a twist – when she gets too excited she transforms into a giant red panda. friendship canada concert temple shapeshifting toronto canada coming of age teenage girl female protagonist east asian lead animal domineering mother perfectionist aftercreditsstinger chinese canadian woman director ancestor boy band mother daughter relationship red panda appreciative Animation Family Comedy Fantasy
293167 Explore the mysterious and dangerous home of the king of the apes as a team of explorers ventures deep inside the treacherous primordial island. vietnam veteran island monster 1970s expedition giant monster giant spider creature spin off u.s. soldier giant animal kaiju aftercreditsstinger giant ape monster island water buffalo uncharted monsterverse Action Adventure Fantasy
414906 In his second year of fighting crime Batman uncovers corruption in Gotham City that connects to his own family while facing a serial killer known as the Riddler. crime fighter secret identity nightclub politician police psychopath vigilante superhero based on comic organized crime serial killer millionaire social injustice murder investigation aftercreditsstinger masked superhero political corruption neo noir vengeance mayoral election Crime Mystery Thriller
575264 Ethan Hunt and his IMF team embark on their most dangerous mission yet: To track down a terrifying new weapon that threatens all of humanity before it falls into the wrong hands. With control of the future and the world's fate at stake and dark forces from Ethan's past closing in a deadly race around the globe begins. Confronted by a mysterious all-powerful enemy Ethan must consider that nothing can matter more than his mission—not even the lives of those he cares about most. race against time mission rome italy chase secret mission secret agent sequel intelligence agency rogue agent based on tv series secret government agency serious northern norway amused melodramatic Action Adventure
419430 Chris and his girlfriend Rose go upstate to visit her parents for the weekend. At first Chris reads the family's overly accommodating behavior as nervous attempts to deal with their daughter's interracial relationship but as the weekend progresses a series of increasingly disturbing discoveries lead him to a truth that he never could have imagined. kidnapping externally controlled action manipulation dark comedy hypnosis parents in law satire racist revenge interracial relationship disappearance racism psychological thriller neurosurgeon missing person stereotype brain surgery race conscious pretentious Mystery Thriller Horror
526896 Dangerously ill with a rare blood disorder and determined to save others suffering his same fate Dr. Michael Morbius attempts a desperate gamble. What at first appears to be a radical success soon reveals itself to be a remedy potentially worse than the disease. vampire based on comic duringcreditsstinger supervillain Action Science Fiction Fantasy
"772436 Faced with the unexpected death of his estranged father -El Máscara- and the subsequent theft of his precious mask Rubén -Mascarita- will find himself confronted with his past. Alongside his invincible bodyguard Tony ""The Cannibal"" and an unexpected ally he will have only one day to recover it and make amends with the memory of his father. nan Action Comedy Adventure"
86328 After witnessing a brutal murder on Halloween night a young woman becomes the next target of a maniacal entity. slasher evil clown Horror
961484 After Will Spann's wife suddenly vanishes at a gas station his desperate search to find her leads him down a dark path that forces him to run from authorities and take the law into his own hands. kidnapped Action Thriller
752623 Reclusive author Loretta Sage writes about exotic places in her popular adventure novels that feature a handsome cover model named Alan. While on tour promoting her new book with Alan Loretta gets kidnapped by an eccentric billionaire who hopes she can lead him to the ancient city's lost treasure that featured in her latest story. Alan determined to prove he can be a hero in real life and not just on the pages of her books sets off to rescue her. duringcreditsstinger Action Adventure Comedy
"96 Axel Foley returns to the land of sunshine and palm trees to investigate the near-fatal shooting of police Captain Andrew Bogomil. With the help of Sgt. Taggart and Det. Rosewood they soon uncover that the shooting is associated with a series of ""alphabet"" robberies masterminded by a heartless weapons kingpin—and the chase is on. police arms smuggling intensive care undercover detective investigation armored car strip club sequel shootout gunfight los angeles california detroit michigan horse track beverly hills buddy cop credit card fraud playboy mansion shooting range robbery gang superdetective ferrari Action Comedy Crime"
131631 Katniss Everdeen reluctantly becomes the symbol of a mass rebellion against the autocratic Capitol. based on novel or book resistance dystopia post apocalyptic future sequel female protagonist bow and arrow game future war revolt class prejudice human subjugation based on young adult novel Science Fiction Adventure Thriller
213 Advertising man Roger Thornhill is mistaken for a spy triggering a deadly cross-country chase. new york city assassination undercover agent espionage spy mistaken identity deception romance fugitive on the run advertising framed on the road government agent road movie framed for murder trains cold war era mount rushmore adventure man on the run couple on the run moral relativism Mystery Thriller Adventure
848058 A bullied overweight teenager sees a glimpse of hope when her tormentors are brutally abducted by a mesmerizing stranger. spain kidnapping village bullying murder torture summer karma grieving parents folk horror abusive father fat shaming rural setting based on short film Thriller Drama Horror
859041 After an opponent dies mid-match a prominent MMA champion swore never to fight again and retired to run his family's company. But when his best friend dies under suspicious circumstances he has no choice but to step back in the ring. nan Action
566466 Your favorite cozy camping anime returns with a movie as the former members of the Outdoors Club get together again this time to build a campsite! Reunite with Nadeshiko Rin Chiaki Aoi and Ena as they gather around the campfire once more with good food and good company. camping hobby slice of life school camp based on manga ecology educational journey anime Animation Comedy
560016 Kid an anonymous young man who ekes out a meager living in an underground fight club where night after night wearing a gorilla mask he is beaten bloody by more popular fighters for cash. After years of suppressed rage Kid discovers a way to infiltrate the enclave of the city’s sinister elite. As his childhood trauma boils over his mysteriously scarred hands unleash an explosive campaign of retribution to settle the score with the men who took everything from him. complex indian revenge thriller action thriller powerful Action Thriller
672 Cars fly trees fight back and a mysterious house-elf comes to warn Harry Potter at the start of his second year at Hogwarts. Adventure and danger await when bloody writing on a wall announces: The Chamber Of Secrets Has Been Opened. To save Hogwarts will require all of Harry Ron and Hermione’s magical abilities and courage. witch flying car elves magic sword diary child hero school of witchcraft giant spider black magic giant snake child driving car wizard aftercreditsstinger christmas based on young adult novel wizarding world Adventure Fantasy
799379 While under heavily armed guard the dangerous convicts aboard a cargo ship unite in a coordinated escape attempt that soon escalates into a bloody all-out riot. But as the fugitives continue their brutal campaign of terror they soon discover that not even the most vicious among them is safe from the horror they unknowingly unleashed from the darkness below deck. prison ship pacific extreme violence Action Thriller Horror
811656 Laura traumatized by an abusive relationship runs away from her former husband with her seven-year-old son Cody. But in their new idyllic and remote sanctuary they find they have another bigger and more terrifying monster to deal with… social isolation 1957 chevy station wagom life in 1959 aquatic threat Horror Mystery Thriller
"50014 Aibileen Clark is a middle-aged African-American maid who has spent her life raising white children and has recently lost her only son; Minny Jackson is an African-American maid who has often offended her employers despite her family's struggles with money and her desperate need for jobs; and Eugenia ""Skeeter"" Phelan is a young white woman who has recently moved back home after graduating college to find out her childhood maid has mysteriously disappeared. These three stories intertwine to explain how life in Jackson Mississippi revolves around ""the help""; yet they are always kept at a certain distance because of racial lines. mississippi river based on novel or book exploitation racial segregation racism writer maid moral courage ressentiment southern belle racial issues 1960s newspaper columnist Drama"
739405 Special agent Orson Fortune and his team of operatives recruit one of Hollywood's biggest movie stars to help them on an undercover mission when the sale of a deadly new weapons technology threatens to disrupt the world order. nan Action Thriller Comedy
439157 An extended version of Dragon Ball Z: Resurrection 'F featuring extra scenes where Future Trunks remembers the battle of Goku against Frieza and has a confrontation with Goku Black. based on manga anime Animation
930094 After an altercation between Alex the president's son and Britain's Prince Henry at a royal event becomes tabloid fodder their long-running feud now threatens to drive a wedge in U.S./British relations. When the rivals are forced into a staged truce their icy relationship begins to thaw and the friction between them sparks something deeper than they ever expected. based on novel or book royal family politics royalty lgbt gay theme boys' love (bl) Comedy Romance Drama
346698 Barbie and Ken are having the time of their lives in the colorful and seemingly perfect world of Barbie Land. However when they get a chance to go to the real world they soon discover the joys and perils of living among humans. feminism satire patriarchy based on toy female protagonist doll fantasy world motherhood existentialism woman director curious mother daughter relationship gender discrimination dramatic barbie secret world whimsical adoring arrogant cheerful vibrant matel Comedy Adventure
664 An unprecedented series of violent tornadoes is sweeping across Oklahoma. Tornado chasers headed by Dr. Jo Harding attempt to release a groundbreaking device that will allow them to track them and create a more advanced warning system. They are joined by Jo's soon to be ex-husband Bill a former tornado chaser himself and his girlfriend Melissa. husband wife relationship climate tornado twister natural disaster oklahoma metereologist invention storm chaser barn truck disaster divorce disaster movie motley crew Action Adventure Drama
926393 Robert McCall finds himself at home in Southern Italy but he discovers his friends are under the control of local crime bosses. As events turn deadly McCall knows what he has to do: become his friends' protector by taking on the mafia. italy vigilante justice italian mafia Action Thriller Crime
809 Shrek Fiona and Donkey set off to Far Far Away to meet Fiona's mother and father. But not everyone is happy. Shrek and the King find it hard to get along and there's tension in the marriage. The fairy godmother discovers that Shrek has married Fiona instead of her Son Prince Charming and sets about destroying their marriage. prison magic liberation honeymoon prince fairy tale parents in law kingdom enchantment transformation princess sequel anthropomorphism dragon ogre cartoon donkey Animation Family Comedy Fantasy Adventure Romance
566525 Shang-Chi must confront the past he thought he left behind when he is drawn into the web of the mysterious Ten Rings organization. martial arts superhero based on comic mixed martial arts east asian lead aftercreditsstinger duringcreditsstinger marvel cinematic universe (mcu) father son relationship stereoscopic 3d Action Adventure Fantasy
939210 When Josh gets the opportunity of a lifetime to audition for Rainbow Puppy’s Broadway musical Josh and Blue skidoo to NYC for the very first time where they meet new friends and discover the magic of music dance and following one’s dreams. musical Family Adventure Music Animation
"101299 Katniss Everdeen has returned home safe after winning the 74th Annual Hunger Games along with fellow tribute Peeta Mellark. Winning means that they must turn around and leave their family and close friends embarking on a ""Victor's Tour"" of the districts. Along the way Katniss senses that a rebellion is simmering but the Capitol is still very much in control as President Snow prepares the 75th Annual Hunger Games (The Quarter Quell) - a competition that could change Panem forever. rebellion based on novel or book propaganda dystopia games uprising sequel president survival murder conspiracy female protagonist tournament based on young adult novel Adventure Action Science Fiction"
854467 An ex-fireman with PTSD goes on the run when accused of a crime he doesn't even remember committing leading him down a rabbit hole of conspiracy to the highest degree. nan Action Thriller Crime
901908 Laura has been with Antonio all her life and just when she begins to wonder if that is really the life she wants Sergio and Siena cross paths in their lives. Sergio is a former high school classmate and Siena his millennial girlfriend who arrives to revolutionize everyone's lives. Laura Raquel and Cris close friends for years convince their respective husbands to play a game that Siena proposes to them: the game of keys. The game consists of everyone putting their keys in a bowl. At random each one chooses some keys and he must go to spend the night with the owner of the keys. This game will revolutionize the group of friends and their lives. It will make them discover who they are and what they really want. nan Comedy
668461 A young girl discovers a secret map to the dreamworld of Slumberland and with the help of an eccentric outlaw she traverses dreams and flees nightmares with the hope that she will be able to see her late father again. live action remake Family Fantasy Adventure Drama
876792 A long-running conspiracy is swirling over a mysterious power wielded by the Queen in Raja a small country west of Tempest. When a slime who evolved into a Demon Lord named Rimuru Tempest crosses paths with Hiiro a survivor of the Ogre race an incredible adventure packed with new characters begins. The power of bonds will be put to the test! slime reincarnation demon goblin anime other world Animation Fantasy Adventure
438631 Paul Atreides a brilliant and gifted young man born into a great destiny beyond his understanding must travel to the most dangerous planet in the universe to ensure the future of his family and his people. As malevolent forces explode into conflict over the planet's exclusive supply of the most precious resource in existence-a commodity capable of unlocking humanity's greatest potential-only those who can conquer their fear will survive. empire future epic army based on novel or book prophecy dystopia emperor sand spice hallucinogen treason baron revenge premonition betrayal space water shortage creature desert knife fight destiny giant worm space opera sand dune messiah somber mother son relationship giant creature suspenseful critical exhilarated Science Fiction Adventure
163733 Paris - One night. A woman and a man meet in a restaurant. She is beautiful. He falls for her. She is shy he is bewitched. He talks she is cautious. He tries she avoids. She hesitates he insists. An intense relationship starts then. During the night masks fall off and the seduction game gives in to sincere feelings. Will this love last over a night? nan Romance
177572 A special bond develops between plus-sized inflatable robot Baymax and prodigy Hiro Hamada who team up with a group of friends to form a band of high-tech heroes. friendship martial arts hero sibling relationship san francisco california superhero talent cartoon villain based on comic revenge tokyo japan best friend another dimension robot east asian lead boy genius super villain aftercreditsstinger supervillain moral dilemma teen superhero dead brother Adventure Family Animation Action Comedy
"928123 In the follow-up to ""The Battle At Lake Changjin"" brothers Wu Qianli and Wu Wanli undertake a new task for the People's Volunteer Army defending a bridge part of the American troops' escape route from the advancing Chinese. korean war historical chinese communism communist propaganda chosin War History Action Drama"
818397 Alex an assassin-for-hire finds that he's become a target after he refuses to complete a job for a dangerous criminal organization. With the crime syndicate and FBI in hot pursuit Alex has the skills to stay ahead except for one thing: he is struggling with severe memory loss affecting his every move. Alex must question his every action and whom he can ultimately trust. assassin alzheimer's disease remake Action Thriller Crime
"798544 An urban legend says that lighting fireworks at an abandoned airfield will beckon the ""summer ghost"" a spirit that can answer any question. Three teenagers Tomoya Aoi and Ryo each have their own reason to show up one day. When a ghost named Ayane appears she reveals she is only visible to those ""who are about to touch their death."" Compelled by the ghost and her message Tomoya begins regularly visiting the airfield to uncover the true purpose of her visits. slice of life school anime short film Animation Drama Mystery Fantasy"
838240 Dog lives in Manhattan and he's tired of being alone. One day he decides to build himself a robot a companion. Their friendship blossoms until they become inseparable to the rhythm of '80s NYC. One summer night Dog with great sadness is forced to abandon Robot at the beach. Will they ever meet again? friendship based on comic summer robot adult animation sentimental depressing Animation Drama Comedy Science Fiction
335787 A young street-smart Nathan Drake and his wisecracking partner Victor “Sully” Sullivan embark on a dangerous pursuit of “the greatest treasure never found” while also tracking clues that may lead to Nathan’s long-lost brother. treasure hunt lighter treasure map based on video game lost treasure duringcreditsstinger missing relative Action Adventure
423108 Paranormal investigators Ed and Lorraine Warren encounter what would become one of the most sensational cases from their files. The fight for the soul of a young boy takes them beyond anything they'd ever seen before to mark the first time in U.S. history that a murder suspect would claim demonic possession as a defense. exorcism supernatural connecticut sequel paranormal investigation 1980s religious horror Horror Mystery Thriller
"802699 Once upon a time in a far faraway place there were two lands. The world was divided into an inner land and an outer land. People feared the outer land inhabited by eerie beings the carriers of curse. One day on the border to the inner land inhabited by humans one such being finds a girl on heaps of abandoned dead bodies. The girl says her name is Shiva and shows affection to the ""being"" who found her calling him ""Teacher.""  This is a story of two people—one human one inhuman—who linger in the hazy twilight that separates night from day. meditation magic curse based on manga family dark fantasy anime Animation Drama Mystery Fantasy"
505642 Queen Ramonda Shuri M’Baku Okoye and the Dora Milaje fight to protect their nation from intervening world powers in the wake of King T’Challa’s death.  As the Wakandans strive to embrace their next chapter the heroes must band together with the help of War Dog Nakia and Everett Ross and forge a new path for the kingdom of Wakanda. hero loss of loved one superhero royal family based on comic sequel royalty underwater political intrigue death in family mourning death of brother duringcreditsstinger death of king marvel cinematic universe (mcu) hidden civilization yucatan mayans Action Adventure Science Fiction
816952 The year is 1988. Abby and Gretchen have been best friends since fourth grade. After an evening of skinny-dipping goes disastrously wrong Gretchen begins to act…different which leads Abby to suspect her best friend may be possessed by a demon. With help from some unlikely allies Abby embarks on a quest to save Gretchen. But is their friendship powerful enough to beat the devil? based on novel or book teenage girl demonic possession 1980s Horror Comedy
475557 During the 1980s a failed stand-up comedian is driven insane and turns to a life of crime and chaos in Gotham City while becoming an infamous psychopathic crime figure. dream street gang society psychopath clown villain based on comic murder psychological thriller criminal mastermind mental illness anarchy character study clown makeup subway train social realism supervillain tv host 1980s mother son relationship origin story falling into madness depressing Crime Thriller Drama
354912 Despite his family’s baffling generations-old ban on music Miguel dreams of becoming an accomplished musician like his idol Ernesto de la Cruz. Desperate to prove his talent Miguel finds himself in the stunning and colorful Land of the Dead following a mysterious chain of events. Along the way he meets charming trickster Hector and together they set off on an extraordinary journey to unlock the real story behind Miguel's family history. mexico guitar musician skeleton afterlife singer life after death child day of the dead fairy tales Family Animation Fantasy Music Comedy Adventure
297270 An ancient myth of a massive creature sparks the curiosity of Tinker Bell and her good friend Fawn an animal fairy who’s not afraid to break the rules to help an animal in need. But this creature is not welcome in Pixie Hollow — and the scout fairies are determined to capture the mysterious beast who they fear will destroy their home. Fawn must convince her fairy friends to risk everything to rescue the NeverBeast. fairy fairy tale tinkerbell Adventure Animation Family
629176 Thirteen year old Sam Cleary suspects that his mysteriously reclusive neighbor Mr. Smith is actually the legendary vigilante Samaritan who was reported dead 25 years ago. With crime on the rise and the city on the brink of chaos Sam makes it his mission to coax his neighbor out of hiding to save the city from ruin. chaos street riots superhero neighbor old man young boy poverty twins super power unemployment sledgehammer hatred crime gone awry super strength dead father criminal gang epic battle young heroes curious ptsd single mom good vs evil Action Crime Science Fiction
105 Eighties teenager Marty McFly is accidentally sent back in time to 1955 inadvertently disrupting his parents' first meeting and attracting his mother's romantic interest. Marty must repair the damage to history by rekindling his parents' romance and - with the help of his eccentric inventor friend Doc Brown - return to 1985. flying car race against time clock tower car race lightning guitar plutonium inventor journey in the past invention time travel bullying mad scientist love fish out of water terrorism teenage love destiny hidden identity teenage life changing the past or future 1950s cientifico loco Adventure Comedy Science Fiction
872906 An emotional journey of a prison warden driven by a personal vendetta while keeping up to a promise made years ago recruits inmates to commit outrageous crimes that shed light on corruption and injustice in an attempt to get even with his past  and that leads him to an unexpected reunion. revenge vigilantism political Action Adventure Thriller
829280 Now a detective-for-hire like her infamous brother Enola Holmes takes on her first official case to find a missing girl as the sparks of a dangerous conspiracy ignite a mystery that requires the help of friends — and Sherlock himself — to unravel. detective victorian england sequel female detective sherlock holmes Mystery Adventure Comedy Crime
"543504 When Hong Kong is rocked by multiple gruesome murders the police forms a task force to investigate. Jun once a brilliant detective who suffered a mental breakdown begins his own investigation. Eventually the police learn that the murder victims are all suspects of cold cases being rubbed out by a figure known as ""The Sleuth"". Now Jun and a detective from the task force are on a race against time to beat the brutal killer at its own game. internal affairs lunatic psychotic obsessions Action Crime Mystery Thriller"
639933 Prince Amleth is on the verge of becoming a man when his father is brutally murdered by his uncle who kidnaps the boy's mother. Two decades later Amleth is now a Viking who's on a mission to save his mother kill his uncle and avenge his father. sword father murder prince iceland viking northern ireland revenge death of father fate king brutality hamlet based on myths legends or folklore nordic 10th century shot on film viking age fantasy graphic violence Action Adventure Fantasy
593643 A young couple travels to a remote island to eat at an exclusive restaurant where the chef has prepared a lavish menu with some shocking surprises. restaurant food dinner chef remote island Horror Thriller
99861 When Tony Stark tries to jumpstart a dormant peacekeeping program things go awry and Earth’s Mightiest Heroes are put to the ultimate test as the fate of the planet hangs in the balance. As the villainous Ultron emerges it is up to The Avengers to stop him from enacting his terrible plans and soon uneasy alliances and unexpected action pave the way for an epic and unique global adventure. artificial intelligence (a.i.) superhero based on comic sequel superhero team duringcreditsstinger marvel cinematic universe (mcu) fictitious country evil robot Action Adventure Science Fiction
666277 Nora and Hae Sung two childhood friends are reunited in New York for one fateful week as they confront notions of destiny love and the choices that make a life. new york city immigrant friendship regret language barrier nostalgia interracial relationship fate memory playwright childhood childhood friends semi autobiographical woman director retreat skype facebook ferry korean american korean asian american independent film facetime shot on film Drama Romance
448383 A discussion of Michael Giacchino's work on the film and the themes the music conveys and supports for the film. nan Documentary
"324857 Struggling to find his place in the world while juggling school and family Brooklyn teenager Miles Morales is unexpectedly bitten by a radioactive spider and develops unfathomable powers just like the one and only Spider-Man. While wrestling with the implications of his new abilities Miles discovers a super collider created by the madman Wilson ""Kingpin"" Fisk causing others from across the Spider-Verse to be inadvertently transported to his dimension. superhero based on comic aftercreditsstinger alternate universe Animation Action Adventure Science Fiction"
814757 The duty manager of a seaside cinema who is struggling with her mental health forms a relationship with a new employee on the south coast of England in the 1980s. england love interracial relationship racism mental illness projectionist seaside town 1980s lost soul race relations movie theater Drama Romance
820511 A detective and a medical examiner join forces to solve a series of horrific murders in Victorian London - but one of them harbors a deadly secret. prostitute newspaper jack the ripper autopsy alcoholism scalpel Horror
7445 When his helicopter goes down during his fourth tour of duty in Afghanistan Marine Sam Cahill is presumed dead. Back home brother Tommy steps in to look over Sam’s wife Grace and two children. Sam’s surprise homecoming triggers domestic mayhem. sibling relationship loss of loved one brother in law afghanistan war (2001 ) sister in law Drama Thriller War
"772436 Faced with the unexpected death of his estranged father -El Máscara- and the subsequent theft of his precious mask Rubén -Mascarita- will find himself confronted with his past. Alongside his invincible bodyguard Tony ""The Cannibal"" and an unexpected ally he will have only one day to recover it and make amends with the memory of his father. nan Action Comedy Adventure"
537915 Tessa Young is a dedicated student dutiful daughter and loyal girlfriend to her high school sweetheart. Entering her first semester of college Tessa's guarded world opens up when she meets Hardin Scott a mysterious and brooding rebel who makes her question all she thought she knew about herself -- and what she wants out of life. based on novel or book love teenage crush Romance Drama
779782 Best friends Sophie and Agatha navigate an enchanted school for young heroes and villains — and find themselves on opposing sides of the battle between good and evil. school based on young adult novel Fantasy
767 As Lord Voldemort tightens his grip on both the Muggle and wizarding worlds Hogwarts is no longer a safe haven. Harry suspects perils may even lie within the castle but Dumbledore is more intent upon preparing him for the final battle fast approaching. Together they work to find the key to unlock Voldemorts defenses and to this end Dumbledore recruits his old friend and colleague Horace Slughorn whom he believes holds crucial information. Even as the decisive showdown looms romance blossoms for Harry Ron Hermione and their classmates. Love is in the air but danger lies ahead and Hogwarts may never be the same again. witch dying and death london england magic school of witchcraft apparition curse teenage crush school werewolf teenage love luck wizard secret past christmas based on young adult novel Adventure Fantasy
12445 Harry Ron and Hermione continue their quest to vanquish the evil Voldemort once and for all. Just as things begin to look hopeless for the young wizards Harry discovers a trio of magical objects that endow him with powers to rival Voldemort's formidable skills. witch dying and death saving the world self sacrifice magic school of witchcraft sorcerer school battle wizard teenage hero christmas based on young adult novel good versus evil wizarding world Fantasy Adventure
868759 Salt-of-the-earth Cole falls head over heels for enigmatic Sadie — but then makes the shocking discovery that she’s a secret agent. Before they can decide on a second date Cole and Sadie are swept away on an international adventure to save the world. cia secret agent love mission spies Action Comedy Romance
11688 Kuzco is a self-centered emperor who summons Pacha from a village and to tell him that his home will be destroyed to make room for Kuzco's new summer home. Kuzco's advisor Yzma tries to poison Kuzco and accidentally turns him into a llama who accidentally ends up in Pacha's village. Pacha offers to help Kuzco if he doesn't destroy his house and so they form an unlikely partnership. central and south america birthday emperor palace kingdom peru berater incan empire breaking the fourth wall assassination attempt 15th century Adventure Animation Comedy Family Fantasy
577922 Armed with only one word - Tenet - and fighting for the survival of the entire world the Protagonist journeys through a twilight world of international espionage on a mission that will unfold in something beyond real time. assassin espionage spy time travel mumbai (bombay) india arms dealer terrorism terrorist attack nuclear weapons terrorist plot backwards alternate timeline oslo norway time paradox kyiv (kiev) ukraine Action Thriller Science Fiction
121 Frodo Baggins and the other members of the Fellowship continue on their sacred quest to destroy the One Ring--but on separate paths. Their destinies lie at two towers--Orthanc Tower in Isengard where the corrupt wizard Saruman awaits and Sauron's fortress at Barad-dur deep within the dark lands of Mordor. Frodo and Sam are trekking to Mordor to destroy the One Ring of Power while Gimli Legolas and Aragorn search for the orc-captured Merry and Pippin. All along nefarious wizard Saruman awaits the Fellowship members at the Orthanc Tower in Isengard. mission army based on novel or book orcs elves dwarf magic obsession bravery castle reincarnation sequel battle brutality guide split personality marsh fantasy world wizard journey ring live action and animation hero's journey high fantasy wraith sword and sorcery complex trekking evil spell good versus evil creatures trees winged creatures hobbits Adventure Fantasy Action
626735 An army ranger and his dog embark on a road trip along the Pacific Coast Highway to attend a friend's funeral. pets emotional support animal dog hero belgian malinois baddi flies Drama Comedy
938567 Takagi and Nishikata are in their final year of middle school and have both anxiety and hope for the future. During the summer of their final year on the day before summer vacation starts the two find a kitten that they name Hana. They decide to take care of the kitten themselves until they can find its mother. romantic comedy slice of life school based on manga anime Animation Comedy Romance
632065 Aspiring club promoters and best buds Damon and Kevin are barely keeping things together. Out of money down on their luck and about to lose the roofs over their heads—and freshly fired from their low-lift jobs as house cleaners—the pair needs a huge windfall to make their problems go away. In a ‘what the hell?’ move they decide to host the party of the year at an exclusive mansion the site of their last cleaning job which just happens to belong to none other than LeBron James. No permission? No problem. What could go wrong? duringcreditsstinger wild party Comedy
210577 With his wife's disappearance having become the focus of an intense media circus a man sees the spotlight turned on him when it's suspected that he may not be innocent. infidelity based on novel or book wife marriage crisis investigation disappearance psychological thriller whodunit missing person search party criminal lawyer disturbed murder suspect missing wife perspective manipulative woman killed during sex Mystery Thriller Drama
497828 A celebrity model couple are invited on a luxury cruise for the uber-rich helmed by an unhinged alcoholic captain. What first appears Instagrammable ends catastrophically leaving the survivors stranded on a desert island in a struggle of hierarchy. satire stranded dark comedy survival cruise ship class differences gender roles sinking ship food rationing power struggle luxury yacht open ended social media influencer social climber Comedy Drama
862965 Desperate for income Emily takes a shady gig buying goods with stolen credit cards supplied by a charismatic middleman named Youcef. Seduced by the quick cash and illicit thrills they hatch a plan to take their business to the next level. credit card fraud student debt Crime Drama Thriller
585 Lovable Sulley and his wisecracking sidekick Mike Wazowski are the top scare team at Monsters Inc. the scream-processing factory in Monstropolis. When a little girl named Boo wanders into their world it's the monsters who are scared silly and it's up to Sulley and Mike to keep her out of sight and get her back home. monster panic cheating kidnapping door infant villain portal rivalry energy supply friends hijinks best friend chameleon family parallel world conveyor belt invisibility energy company conspirators Animation Comedy Family
665142 Seok-yeong has been living with his father ever since his parents got divorced when he was young. His father Joong-nam would always introduce his new girlfriends to Seok-yeong but Seok-yeong didn't like running into strangers in his house. At the same time Seok-yeong feels more comfortable with women older than him.  One day Joong-nam says he's going to marry his new girlfriend Gyeo-won. At a family dinner Seok-yeong feels attracted to Gyeo-won's sister Gyeo-woon but he has to call her 'aunt' softcore Romance
843416 A woman taking a cab ride from JFK engages in a conversation with the driver about the important relationships in their lives. new york city taxi taxi driver jfk international airport woman director taxi ride Drama
138843 Paranormal investigators Ed and Lorraine Warren work to help a family terrorized by a dark presence in their farmhouse. Forced to confront a powerful entity the Warrens find themselves caught in the most terrifying case of their lives. sibling relationship 1970s cellar exorcism satanism haunted house rhode island horror based on true story possession paranormal investigation crucifix ghost demonic demonology psychic vision Horror Thriller
948549 Reclusive gym manager Lou falls hard for Jackie an ambitious bodybuilder headed through town to Las Vegas in pursuit of her dream. But their love ignites violence pulling them deep into the web of Lou’s criminal family. homicide blackmail new mexico eroticism bisexuality american dream addiction bodybuilder steroids murder dirty cop female protagonist las vegas brutality crime family gym lgbt estranged father fitness woman director albuquerque new mexico neo noir female bodybuilder 1980s abusive husband shooting range father daughter relationship lesbian federal bureau of investigation body horror Crime Romance Thriller
9100 A Catholic school newcomer falls in with a clique of teen witches who wield their powers against all who dare to cross them -- be they teachers rivals or meddlesome parents. witch puberty magic suicide attempt black magic sorcery female friendship occult hair loss outsider karma newcomer love spell Horror Drama Fantasy
581528 After barely surviving a violent attack by an elusive serial killer crime boss Jang Dong-su finds himself forming an unlikely partnership with local detective Jung Tae-seok to catch the sadistic killer simply known as K. police gangster based on true story serial killer gang Crime Action Thriller
508943 Luca and his best friend Alberto experience an unforgettable summer on the Italian Riviera. But all the fun is threatened by a deeply-held secret: they are sea monsters from another world just below the water’s surface. italy monster friendship friends coming of age sea monster vespa seaside town 1950s pasta water italian riviera pesto Animation Comedy Family Fantasy Action Adventure
335977 Finding himself in a new era and approaching retirement Indy wrestles with fitting into a world that seems to have outgrown him. But as the tentacles of an all-too-familiar evil return in the form of an old rival Indy must don his hat and pick up his whip once more to make sure an ancient and powerful artifact doesn't fall into the wrong hands. treasure hunt ancient rome sequel flashback knife fight archaeologist adventurer 1960s nazi germany action adventure suspenseful Adventure Action
642885 29 years since the Black Flame Candle was last lit the 17th-century Sanderson sisters are resurrected and they are looking for revenge. Now it's up to three high school students to stop the ravenous witches from wreaking a new kind of havoc on Salem before dawn on All Hallow's Eve. sibling relationship witch halloween sister high school resurrection sequel zombie salem massachusetts aftercreditsstinger duringcreditsstinger Fantasy Comedy Family
420818 Simba idolizes his father King Mufasa and takes to heart his own royal destiny. But not everyone in the kingdom celebrates the new cub's arrival. Scar Mufasa's brother—and former heir to the throne—has plans of his own. The battle for Pride Rock is ravaged with betrayal tragedy and drama ultimately resulting in Simba's exile. With help from a curious pair of newfound friends Simba will have to figure out how to grow up and take back what is rightfully his. africa lion prince musical uncle remake grief redemption king family sidekick live action and animation father son relationship live action remake Adventure Drama Family
958263 A determined detective continues his search for the truth behind Asia's largest drug organization and its elusive boss he has unfinished business with. sequel Crime Action Thriller
20352 Villainous Gru lives up to his reputation as a despicable deplorable and downright unlikable guy when he hatches a plan to steal the moon from the sky. But he has a tough time staying on task after three orphans land in his care. moon parent child relationship orphanage villain adoptive father life's dream rivalry ballet stealing little girl orphan tomboy intelligent evil doctor duringcreditsstinger supervillain illumination joyful Family Animation Comedy
384018 Ever since US Diplomatic Security Service Agent Hobbs and lawless outcast Shaw first faced off they just have traded smack talk and body blows. But when cyber-genetically enhanced anarchist Brixton's ruthless actions threaten the future of humanity they join forces to defeat him. london england biological weapon secret organization family clan spin off family reunion buddy comedy samoa aftercreditsstinger duringcreditsstinger buddy movie mother son relationship father daughter relationship brother sister relationship Action Adventure Comedy
779112 At last it's Wembley! The milestone concert of 2 hours and 30 minutes that filled the immense stadium returns to ARMY all around the world! nan Music
913673 On the day of his scheduled execution a convicted serial killer gets a psychiatric evaluation during which he claims he is a demon and further claims that before their time is over the psychiatrist will commit three murders of his own. evangelical psychiatrist evangelical christianity demonic possession psychological terror christian Horror Thriller
919609 Reconstruction of the television anime that will also depict what happens after its finale with a new story written by Kazuya Konomoto. taxi anthropomorphism anime Animation Comedy Mystery
238 Spanning the years 1945 to 1955 a chronicle of the fictional Italian-American Corleone crime family. When organized crime family patriarch Vito Corleone barely survives an attempt on his life his youngest son Michael steps in to take care of the would-be killers launching a campaign of bloody revenge. based on novel or book loss of loved one love at first sight italy symbolism patriarch europe organized crime mafia religion lawyer revenge motive crime family sicilian mafia religious hypocrisy gun violence rise to power dead horse gang violence 1940s 1950s mafia war Drama Crime
417859 Long before he even met Shrek the notorious fighter lover and outlaw Puss in Boots becomes a hero when he sets off on an adventure with the tough and street smart Kitty Softpaws and the mastermind Humpty Dumpty to save his town. This is the true story of The Cat The Myth The Legend... The Boots. rebel small town fairy tale spin off wild west talking cat pets Action Animation Adventure Comedy Family
9479 Tired of scaring humans every October 31 with the same old bag of tricks Jack Skellington the spindly king of Halloween Town kidnaps Santa Claus and plans to deliver shrunken heads and other ghoulish gifts to children on Christmas morning. But as Christmas approaches Jack's rag-doll girlfriend Sally tries to foil his misguided plans. skeleton fire magic holiday santa claus halloween musical christmas tree saving christmas pumpkin woods stop motion christmas Fantasy Animation Family
706972 A man will become a criminal to save his family.  Director: Shawn Welling  Writer: Derek H. Potts  Stars: Tom Vera Tom Sizemore Lee Majors | criminal Action Drama Crime
228150 In the last months of World War II as the Allies make their final push in the European theatre a battle-hardened U.S. Army sergeant named 'Wardaddy' commands a Sherman tank called 'Fury' and its five-man crew on a deadly mission behind enemy lines. Outnumbered and outgunned Wardaddy and his men face overwhelming odds in their heroic attempts to strike at the heart of Nazi Germany. hero nazi ambush bravery world war ii heroism tank europe execution battle brutality hatred tank battle 1940s enclosed space beating the odds european theatre tanks War Drama Action
22 Jack Sparrow a freewheeling 18th-century pirate quarrels with a rival pirate bent on pillaging Port Royal. When the governor's daughter is kidnapped Sparrow decides to help the girl's love save her. exotic island blacksmith east india company gold jamaica skeleton british empire governor pirate swashbuckler 18th century caribbean sea aftercreditsstinger pirate ship british navy tortuga Adventure Fantasy Action
960700 The Elric brothers meet their toughest opponent yet — a lone serial killer with a large scar on his forehead. sequel alchemy live action anime Fantasy Action Adventure
436969 Supervillains Harley Quinn Bloodsport Peacemaker and a collection of nutty cons at Belle Reve prison join the super-secret super-shady Task Force X as they are dropped off at the remote enemy-infused island of Corto Maltese. monster secret mission superhero anti hero giant monster gore based on comic alien betrayal alien invasion convict parasite super villain world domination aftercreditsstinger dc extended universe (dceu) muscular men character deaths Action Comedy Adventure
744275 Just as Tessa's life begins to become unglued nothing is what she thought it would be. Not her friends nor her family. The only person that she should be able to rely on is Hardin who is furious when he discovers the massive secret that she's been keeping. Before Tessa makes the biggest decision of her life everything changes because of revelations about her family. based on novel or book family history love teenage crush woman director family tension Romance Drama
877957 One fateful summer a group of elementary school kids set adrift on an abandoned apartment building must look within themselves to find a way back home. friendship supernatural slice of life anime Animation Drama Fantasy Adventure
637649 A cold and mysterious new security guard for a Los Angeles cash truck company surprises his co-workers when he unleashes precision skills during a heist. The crew is left wondering who he is and where he came from. Soon the marksman's ultimate motive becomes clear as he takes dramatic and irrevocable steps to settle a score. robbery crime boss revenge thriller shootout shooter los angeles california theft security guard ex soldier cash truck Action Crime Thriller
807356 As a serial killer stalks the city Julia — a young actress who just moved to town with her husband — notices a mysterious stranger watching her from across the street. paranoia window serial killer romania woman director Mystery Thriller Horror
155 Batman raises the stakes in his war on crime. With the help of Lt. Jim Gordon and District Attorney Harvey Dent Batman sets out to dismantle the remaining criminal organizations that plague the streets. The partnership proves to be effective but they soon find themselves prey to a reign of chaos unleashed by a rising criminal mastermind known to the terrified citizens of Gotham as the Joker. joker sadism chaos secret identity crime fighter superhero anti hero scarecrow based on comic vigilante organized crime tragic hero anti villain criminal mastermind district attorney super power super villain neo noir Drama Action Crime Thriller
4247 A familiar-looking group of teenagers find themselves being stalked by a more-than-vaguely recognizable masked killer! As the victims begin to pile up and the laughs pile on none of your favorite scary movies escape the razor-sharp satire of this outrageously funny parody! garage psychopath high school satire parody crude humor spoof horror spoof drugs aftercreditsstinger horror parody Comedy
47971 Extreme athlete turned government operative Xander Cage comes out of self-imposed exile thought to be long dead and is set on a collision course with deadly alpha warrior Xiang and his team in a race to recover a sinister and seemingly unstoppable weapon known as Pandora's Box. Recruiting an all-new group of thrill-seeking cohorts Xander finds himself enmeshed in a deadly conspiracy that points to collusion at the highest levels of world governments. airplane tattoo spy extreme sports parachute secret agent swimming pool sequel back from the dead dominican republic free fall Action Adventure Crime
453395 Doctor Strange with the help of mystical allies both old and new traverses the mind-bending and dangerous alternate realities of the Multiverse to confront a mysterious new adversary. magic superhero based on comic alternative reality aftercreditsstinger duringcreditsstinger marvel cinematic universe (mcu) Fantasy Action Adventure
709195 While evil forces descend on Argentina humanity’s best hope a once-legendary shaman is confined to an insane asylum powerless to avert the demonic resurrection. nan Fantasy Horror Comedy
777350 Dive into the waters below and watch the aquatic wildlife from the world of Nemo and Dory. nan Family Animation Comedy Adventure
613504 Tessa finds herself struggling with her complicated relationship with Hardin; she faces a dilemma that could change their lives forever. based on novel or book love teenage crush Romance Drama
302946 As a math savant uncooks the books for a new client the Treasury Department closes in on his activities and the body count starts to rise. sniper assassin autism money gunfight criminal loner numbers accountant brother brother relationship Crime Thriller Drama
429473 A young girl is kidnapped during a powerful storm. Her mother joins forces with her mysterious neighbour to set off in pursuit of the kidnapper. Their journey will test their limits and expose the dark secrets of their past. island rain forest storm loner child kidnapping Action Thriller Drama
767304 When his wife is kidnapped by terrorists for ransom veteran war hero Brad Paxton races against the clock to rescue her in a daring and deadly operation that pits him against powerful and dark forces. terrorist u.s. marine Action
777350 Dive into the waters below and watch the aquatic wildlife from the world of Nemo and Dory. nan Family Animation Comedy Adventure
10192 A bored and domesticated Shrek pacts with deal-maker Rumpelstiltskin to get back to feeling like a real ogre again but when he's duped and sent to a twisted version of Far Far Away—where Rumpelstiltskin is king ogres are hunted and he and Fiona have never met—he sets out to restore his world and reclaim his true love. sequel ogre Comedy Adventure Fantasy Animation Family
335795 Clawdeen Wolf half human and half werewolf has recently started attending Monster High a school for monsters in all forms. After quickly befriending her classmates Frankie Stein and Draculaura Clawdeen feels like she has finally found a place where she can truly be herself or so she thinks. Soon a devious plan to destroy Monster High threatens to reveal her real identity and Clawdeen must learn to embrace her true monster heart before it's too late. monster musical high school based on toy wolfman teen movie werewolf jekyll and hyde teenage heroine frankenstein dracula Family Fantasy Comedy Adventure Music TV Movie
648579 Creatively unfulfilled and facing financial ruin Nick Cage must accept a $1 million offer to attend the birthday of a dangerous superfan. Things take a wildly unexpected turn when Cage is recruited by a CIA operative and forced to live up to his own legend channeling his most iconic and beloved on-screen characters in order to save himself and his loved ones. cia undercover drug lord actor playing themself Action Comedy Crime
760104 In 1979 a group of young filmmakers set out to make an adult film in rural Texas but when their reclusive elderly hosts catch them in the act the cast find themselves fighting for their lives. Hilarity ensues. sheriff 1970s shotgun gas station war veteran texas alligator van porn star serial killer slasher porn actress elderly couple isolated farmhouse existentialism shot on film Horror Mystery Thriller
624860 Plagued by strange memories Neo's life takes an unexpected turn when he finds himself back inside the Matrix. artificial intelligence man vs machine prophecy underground world future virtual reality dystopia computer cyberpunk aftercreditsstinger dream world woman director gnosticism Science Fiction Action Adventure
777350 Dive into the waters below and watch the aquatic wildlife from the world of Nemo and Dory. nan Family Animation Comedy Adventure
109445 Young princess Anna of Arendelle dreams about finding true love at her sister Elsa’s coronation. Fate takes her on a dangerous journey in an attempt to end the eternal winter that has fallen over the kingdom. She's accompanied by ice delivery man Kristoff his reindeer Sven and snowman Olaf. On an adventure where she will find out what friendship courage family and true love really means. princess magic mistake in person queen cartoon villain musical betrayal snowman reindeer curse snow troll based on children's book mountain climbing evil prince based on fairy tale aftercreditsstinger frozen woman director sister sister relationship magic land Animation Family Adventure Fantasy
955916 An international heist crew led by Cyrus Whitaker race to lift $500 million in gold from a passenger plane at 40000 feet. gold gang of thieves heist airplane hijacking caper comedy terrorist group cyber terrorism international manhunt plane art heist gold heist Action Comedy Crime
18785 When three friends finally come to after a raucous night of bachelor-party revelry they find a baby in the closet and a tiger in the bathroom. But they can't seem to locate their best friend Doug – who's supposed to be tying the knot. Launching a frantic search for Doug the trio perseveres through a nasty hangover to try to make it to the church on time. blackjack stag night lost weekend chapel hit with tire iron memory loss las vegas drugs Comedy
102382 For Peter Parker life is busy. Between taking out the bad guys as Spider-Man and spending time with the person he loves Gwen Stacy high school graduation cannot come quickly enough. Peter has not forgotten about the promise he made to Gwen’s father to protect her by staying away but that is a promise he cannot keep. Things will change for Peter when a new villain Electro emerges an old friend Harry Osborn returns and Peter uncovers new clues about his past. obsession experiment sequel superhero based on comic electrocution super power Action Adventure Fantasy
747803 On the run with a bag full of cash after a robbing his former crime boss—and a potentially fatal wound—Freddy slips onto a bus headed into the unrelenting California desert. With his life slipping through his fingers Freddy is left with very few choices to survive. nan Crime Thriller
845783 Following the death of her estranged father Iris learns she has inherited a run-down centuries-old pub. She travels to Berlin to identify her father’s body and meet with The Solicitor to discuss the estate. Little does she know when the deed is signed she will become inextricably tied to an unspeakable entity that resides in the pub’s basement – Baghead – a shape-shifting creature that can transform into the dead. witch basement female protagonist dead father communicating with the dead pub Horror
453071 Depicts the day that Naruto Uzumaki became the 7th Hokage. Packaged with Boruto the Movie. knocked out late for work anime late coming of age short film Comedy Animation Action Adventure
102899 Armed with the astonishing ability to shrink in scale but increase in strength master thief Scott Lang must embrace his inner-hero and help his mentor Doctor Hank Pym protect the secret behind his spectacular Ant-Man suit from a new generation of towering threats. Against seemingly insurmountable obstacles Pym and Lang must plan and pull off a heist that will save the world. ant shrinking superhero based on comic heist miniaturization miniature people aftercreditsstinger duringcreditsstinger marvel cinematic universe (mcu) Science Fiction Action Adventure
799583 During World War II the British Army assigns a group of competent soldiers to carry out a mission against the Nazi forces behind enemy lines... A true story about a secret British WWII organization – the Special Operations Executive. Founded by Winston Churchill their irregular warfare against the Germans helped to change the course of the war and gave birth to modern black operations. army operation based on novel or book spy world war ii based on true story soldier special forces military black ops dangerous mission 1940s winston churchill action comedy historical comedy comedy thriller Action War Drama
269149 Determined to prove herself Officer Judy Hopps the first bunny on Zootopia's police force jumps at the chance to crack her first case - even if it means partnering with scam-artist fox Nick Wilde to solve the mystery. sheep allegory lion hippopotamus cartoon villain bullying polar bear con artist anthropomorphism revenge conspiracy urban female protagonist rookie cop missing person fable racial prejudice injustice reconciliation female villain buddy cop stereotype cartoon rabbit discrimination cartoon bear cartoon animal cartoon fox cartoon elephant oscar winner Animation Adventure Family Comedy
801071 When a vintage Jack-in-the-box is opened by a dying woman she enters into a deal with the demon within that would see her illness cured in return for helping it claim six innocent victims. clown sequel evil clown Horror
919355 Many years after the war has been lost and all the dragons slain a lone knight travels the lands of Agonos seeking to raise an army against the demon lord Abaddon. When a healer's vision reveals that one dragon still lives and together with an eager young squire the knight sets off in search of the fabled creature. As the armies of Abaddon descend on the human kingdoms the dragon is their last hope of fending off the horde before it lays waste to the lands of men. But does the creature even exist? And if it does will it fight for them once more? nan Fantasy Adventure Action
618588 Over the course of ten days and 435 miles an unbreakable bond is forged between pro adventure racer Michael Light and a scrappy street dog companion dubbed Arthur. As the team is pushed to their outer limits of endurance in the race Arthur redefines what victory loyalty and friendship truly mean. sweden based on true story lost dog dog rescue dog adventure Adventure Drama
601796 Gurus in the late Goryeo dynasty try to obtain a fabled holy sword and humans in 2022 hunt down an alien prisoner that is locked in a human's body. The two parties cross paths when a time-traveling portal opens up. prisoner alien historical fiction goryeo dynasty past and present time rift taoist wizard Science Fiction Action Fantasy Adventure
629542 When the Bad Guys a crew of criminal animals are finally caught after years of heists and being the world’s most-wanted villains Mr. Wolf brokers a deal to save them all from prison. based on comic based on graphic novel duringcreditsstinger Animation Action Adventure Crime Comedy
11224 Cinderella has faith her dreams of a better life will come true. With help from her loyal mice friends and a wave of her Fairy Godmother's wand Cinderella's rags are magically turned into a glorious gown and off she goes to the Royal Ball. But when the clock strikes midnight the spell is broken leaving a single glass slipper... the only key to the ultimate fairy-tale ending! princess based on novel or book loss of loved one mouse ball fairy prince villain musical midnight love orphan family evil stepmother stepsister fairy godmother cendrillon Family Fantasy Animation Romance
894246 Growing up among horses at her parents' stud farm Zoé dreams of becoming a jockey and forms a deep bond with a young horse. A terrible accident threatens to end their racing careers but they fight to reach victory together. nan Drama Comedy Family
960875 After a couple finds a traumatized child of unknown origins wife Paula must decipher the girl's strange behaviors to unlock her identity and dark past. nan Horror Thriller Mystery
691777 From the bustling streets of Jerusalem to the raging Sea of Galilee join Peter Nicodemus Mary Magdalene and a multitude of others as they journey alongside the most famous person ever to walk the earth. Witness the most miraculous events in history as Jesus sets sail with fishermen challenges the Pharisees befriends the outcasts and heals the hurting. The lives he touches will never be the same. Filmed in front of a live audience Sight & Sound's spectacular original production has been experienced by over one million people live on stage. bible jesus christ christian film sight & sound Family History Music
425909 When single mom Callie and her two kids Trevor and Phoebe arrive in a small Oklahoma town they begin to discover their connection to the original Ghostbusters and the secret legacy their grandfather left behind. small town afterlife ghostbuster nostalgia sequel ghost aftercreditsstinger duringcreditsstinger dead grandfather ancient evil otherworldly beings paranormal events father absence ghostbusters Fantasy Comedy Adventure Science Fiction
315635 Following the events of Captain America: Civil War Peter Parker with the help of his mentor Tony Stark tries to balance his life as an ordinary high school student in Queens New York City with fighting crime as his superhero alter ego Spider-Man as a new threat the Vulture emerges. new york city washington dc usa high school superhero based on comic reboot marvel cinematic universe (mcu) Action Adventure Science Fiction Drama
798286 A paranoid man embarks on an epic odyssey to get home to his mother. suicide paranoia therapist trauma nightmare orgasm childhood trauma satire grief surrealism crude humor dark comedy fear maniac birth attic death of mother entrepreneur existentialism anxiety disorder absurdist mother son relationship based on short film anxiety bizarre comedy odyssey Comedy Adventure Fantasy
12444 Harry Ron and Hermione walk away from their last year at Hogwarts to find and destroy the remaining Horcruxes putting an end to Voldemort's bid for immortality. But with Harry's beloved Dumbledore dead and Voldemort's unscrupulous Death Eaters on the loose the world is more dangerous than ever. witch friendship london england corruption escape teleportation isolation magic bravery radio road trip shelter tension attack werewolf road movie wizard christmas based on young adult novel wizarding world Adventure Fantasy
59440 The youngest son of an alcoholic former boxer returns home where he's trained by his father for competition in a mixed martial arts tournament – a path that puts the fighter on a collision course with his estranged older brother. bank training beating mixed martial arts teacher muscleman combat alcoholic gym exercise pittsburgh pennsylvania Drama Action
744 For Lieutenant Pete 'Maverick' Mitchell and his friend and co-pilot Nick 'Goose' Bradshaw being accepted into an elite training school for fighter pilots is a dream come true. But a tragedy as well as personal demons will threaten Pete's dreams of becoming an ace pilot. loss of loved one lovesickness fighter pilot self discovery pilot dying and death training camp air force airplane dangerous battle assignment u.s. navy hostility secret love cowardliness pilot school based on magazine newspaper or article Action Drama
1865 Captain Jack Sparrow crosses paths with a woman from his past and he's not sure if it's love -- or if she's a ruthless con artist who's using him to find the fabled Fountain of Youth. When she forces him aboard the Queen Anne's Revenge the ship of the formidable pirate Blackbeard Jack finds himself on an unexpected adventure in which he doesn't know who to fear more: Blackbeard or the woman from his past. england spain sea captain mutiny sword prime minister sailing silver ship duke mermaid pirate soldier battle swashbuckler 18th century aftercreditsstinger blackbeard 1750s Adventure Action Fantasy
82702 Five years have passed since Hiccup and Toothless united the dragons and Vikings of Berk. Now they spend their time charting unmapped territories. During one of their adventures the pair discover a secret cave that houses hundreds of wild dragons -- and a mysterious dragon rider who turns out to be Hiccup's mother Valka. Hiccup and Toothless then find themselves at the center of a battle to protect Berk from a power-hungry warrior named Drago. rescue husband wife relationship sacrifice parent child relationship loss of loved one viking death of father sequel dragon death of husband warrior mother son relationship Fantasy Action Adventure Animation Comedy Family
122917 Immediately after the events of The Desolation of Smaug Bilbo and the dwarves try to defend Erebor's mountain of treasure from others who claim it: the men of the ruined Laketown and the elves of Mirkwood. Meanwhile an army of Orcs led by Azog the Defiler is marching on Erebor fueled by the rise of the dark lord Sauron. Dwarves elves and men must unite and the hope for Middle-Earth falls into Bilbo's hands. gold corruption based on novel or book orcs elves dwarf mine mountain sequel dragon battle unlikely friendship fantasy world wizard epic battle ring invisibility live action and animation high fantasy sword and sorcery good versus evil creatures dwarves hobbits trolls hobbit armies Action Adventure Fantasy
1726 After being held captive in an Afghan cave billionaire engineer Tony Stark creates a unique weaponized suit of armor to fight evil. middle east arms dealer malibu superhero based on comic aftercreditsstinger marvel cinematic universe (mcu) counterterrorism Action Science Fiction Adventure
680 A burger-loving hit man his philosophical partner a drug-addled gangster's moll and a washed-up boxer converge in this sprawling comedic crime caper. Their adventures unfurl in three stories that ingeniously trip back and forth in time. drug dealer boxer massage stolen money briefcase crime boss redemption heirloom dance competition los angeles california theft nonlinear timeline multiple storylines neo noir playful awestruck Thriller Crime
558915 A decades-spanning tale of love and resilience and of one woman's journey to independence. Celie faces many hardships in her life but ultimately finds extraordinary strength and hope in the unbreakable bonds of sisterhood. adultery child abuse based on novel or book southern usa faith forgiveness georgia musical based on play or musical child bride memphis tennessee lesbian relationship domestic abuse religion domestic violence racism older man younger woman relationship incest county jail self esteem hardship lgbt child marriage estranged family member pregnant teen female empowerment forced marriage 1920s 1940s 1910s sisterhood abusive father 1930s unwanted marriage women's liberation christian missionary 1900s sister sister relationship race relations resilience soul music child sexual abuse 20th century bisexual woman underage marriage familial reconciliation Music Drama
895006 Tanjiro ventures to the south-southeast where he encounters a cowardly young man named Zenitsu Agatsuma. He is a fellow survivor from Final Selection and his sparrow asks Tanjiro to help keep him in line. edited from tv series anime Animation Action Fantasy
146233 Keller Dover is facing every parent’s worst nightmare. His six-year-old daughter Anna is missing together with her young friend Joy and as minutes turn to hours panic sets in. The only lead is a dilapidated RV that had earlier been parked on their street. pennsylvania usa kidnapping hostage detective maze symbolism investigation georgia beating god revenge vigilante rural area crime scene brutality candlelight vigil animal cruelty neo noir sex offender child abduction Drama Thriller Crime
615777 A tale of outsized ambition and outrageous excess tracing the rise and fall of multiple characters in an era of unbridled decadence and depravity during Hollywood's transition from silent films to sound films in the late 1920s. elephant gambling gambling debt movie business orgy cocaine champagne alcoholism hollywood alcoholic filmmaking movie star silent film star 1920s old hollywood fading star sex Drama Comedy
507532 Two brothers are pulled into a deal with an organized crime syndicate in Boston. boston massachusetts brother criminal case Crime Drama Thriller
106646 A New York stockbroker refuses to cooperate in a large securities fraud case involving corruption on Wall Street corporate banking world and mob infiltration. Based on Jordan Belfort's autobiography. corruption drug addiction anti hero con man fraud wall street rise and fall based on true story con artist stockbroker wealthy drugs stripping hedonism decadence corrupt 1980s sharemarket fraud financial market black monday Crime Drama Comedy
818648 The story of Javier who at the age of 16 while kissing a girl for the first time realized that he had a gift of romantic clairvoyance. Javier can see the future... and he finally knows who the love of his life is. nan Romance Comedy
758336 Mira Ray dealing with the loss of her fiancé sends a series of romantic texts to his old cell phone number… not realizing the number was reassigned to Rob Burns' new work phone. A journalist Rob is captivated by the honesty in the beautifully confessional texts. When he’s assigned to write a profile of megastar Céline Dion he enlists her help in figuring out how to meet Mira in person and win her heart. based on novel or book text message duringcreditsstinger Romance Drama Comedy
779112 At last it's Wembley! The milestone concert of 2 hours and 30 minutes that filled the immense stadium returns to ARMY all around the world! nan Music
839369 Twenty years after their notorious tabloid romance gripped the nation a married couple buckles under the pressure when an actress arrives to do research for a film about their past. infidelity sexual abuse dark comedy statutory rape pedophile boundary violations older woman younger man relationship existentialism dramedy baker method acting savannah georgia father son relationship melodrama actress inspired by true events Drama Comedy
8587 A young lion prince is cast out of his pride by his cruel uncle who claims he killed his father. While the uncle rules with an iron paw the prince grows up beyond the Savannah living by a philosophy: No worries for the rest of your days. But when his past comes to haunt him the young prince must decide his fate: Will he remain an outcast or face his demons and become what he needs to be? father murder loss of loved one africa lion manipulation redemption musical uncle murder warthog shaman king scar family hyena meerkat nature hamlet mandrill murder confession wildebeest Family Animation Drama
76338 Thor fights to restore order across the cosmos… but an ancient race led by the vengeful Malekith returns to plunge the universe back into darkness. Faced with an enemy that even Odin and Asgard cannot withstand Thor must embark on his most perilous and personal journey yet one that will reunite him with Jane Foster and force him to sacrifice everything to save us all. superhero based on comic hostile takeover norse mythology aftercreditsstinger duringcreditsstinger marvel cinematic universe (mcu) mythological place Action Adventure Fantasy
761898 One month after Kayaba Akihiko's game of death began the death toll continues to rise two thousand players having already lost their lives to the ultra-difficult VRMMO world of Sword Art Online. On the day of the strategy meeting to plan out the first-floor boss battle Kirito a solo player who vows to fight alone to get stronger runs into a rare high-level female player. She gracefully dispatches powerful monsters with a single rapier that flashes like a shooting star in the night... video game based on novel or book monster virtual reality sword fight romance survival combat fantasy world anime mmorpg virtual world Animation Action Fantasy Science Fiction
524434 The Eternals are a team of ancient aliens who have been living on Earth in secret for thousands of years. When an unexpected tragedy forces them out of the shadows they are forced to reunite against mankind’s most ancient enemy the Deviants. superhero supernatural based on comic alien super power aftercreditsstinger marvel cinematic universe (mcu) sign languages ancient god like Science Fiction Action Adventure
964980 Discover the game-changing partnership between a then undiscovered Michael Jordan and Nike's fledgling basketball division which revolutionized the world of sports and culture with the Air Jordan brand. sports basketball based on true story shoe duringcreditsstinger 1980s Drama History
116322 Based on a famous Mexican legend a group of kids must stop the ghost of a woman whose guilt over the drowning of her own children leads her to abduct youngsters who wander the woods at night. based on myths legends or folklore Family Animation Fantasy
801688 In the year 2898 AD around 6000 years after Kurukshetra war Ashwatthama gears up for his final battle of redemption at the sign of hope in a dystopian world and Bhairava a wisecracking and self-interested bounty hunter tired of the perilous life becomes the hurdle in the process. rebellion temple dystopia villain desert religious statue futuristic society quest imperialism heroes kalki ancient temple indian folklore evil empire fantasy indian gods mahabharat Drama Action Fantasy Science Fiction
471707 A pious 20-year-old juvenile delinquent is sent to work at a sawmill in a small town; on arrival he dresses up as a priest and accidentally takes over the local parish. The arrival of this young charismatic preacher is an opportunity for the local community to begin the healing process after a tragedy that happened a year prior. small town juvenile delinquent catholic catholic priest confession booth youth correctional facility Drama
545611 An aging Chinese immigrant is swept up in an insane adventure where she alone can save what's important to her by connecting with the lives she could have led in other universes. mother martial arts kung fu philosophy generations conflict chinese woman surrealism laundromat chinese east asian lead divorce family hot dog asian woman chinese immigrant imaginative mother daughter relationship action comedy loving asian american intergenerational trauma internal revenue service interdimensional travel hilarious comforting 瞬息全宇宙 Action Adventure Science Fiction
10625 Cady Heron is a hit with The Plastics the A-list girl clique at her new school until she makes the mistake of falling for Aaron Samuels the ex-boyfriend of alpha Plastic Regina George. africa female friendship bullying coming of age prom teenage girl fish out of water best friend gossip clique teen comedy exploitation of friendship high school rivalry new girl at school christmas manipulative friend math genius teenage friendship teenager Comedy
12 Nemo an adventurous young clownfish is unexpectedly taken from his Great Barrier Reef home to a dentist's office aquarium. It's up to his worrisome father Marlin and a friendly but forgetful fish Dory to bring Nemo home -- meeting vegetarian sharks surfer dude turtles hypnotic jellyfish hungry seagulls and more along the way. sydney australia parent child relationship anthropomorphism harbor underwater shark pelican fish tank great barrier reef sea turtle missing child aftercreditsstinger duringcreditsstinger short term memory loss clownfish father son reunion protective father Animation Family
886396 After discovering he has powers 11-year-old Jonathan Kent and assassin-turned-Boy-Wonder Damian Wayne must join forces to rescue their fathers (Superman & Batman) and save the planet from the malevolent alien force known as Starro. superhero based on comic alien invasion super power cgi animation Animation Action Science Fiction
896485 Captain Sara Bellaiche from Toulouse Judiciary Police branch is investigating a go-fast linked to the murder of two teenagers an investigation led by Richard Cross from the Paris Criminal Brigade. Forced to collaborate in order to find the murderer and stop the bloody go-fast Sara and Richard are both thrown in a breathless race against the clock on the roads of Spain and France. nan Action Crime Thriller
758679 Alice and Celine are inseparable and share everything from their daily routines to their secrets. Their perfect harmony is shattered when one of their sons dies in a tragic accident while under Alice’s care. Celine blames Alice for the death of her child and becomes obsessed with protecting her surviving son from any harm. Alice on the other hand feels guilty and paranoid that Celine is plotting to harm her and her family. A gripping battle of wills ensues as the two women spiral into madness and violence. based on novel or book remake grief female protagonist guilt death of son motherhood Thriller Drama
810171 World famous movie star Olivia faces a PR disaster when a paparazzi snaps a photo of her with her married lover Vincent. The hard-working valet Antonio accidentally appears in the same photo and is enlisted to pose as Olivia’s new boyfriend as a cover-up. This ruse with Olivia thrusts Antonio into the spotlight and unexpected chaos. remake Comedy Romance
862 Led by Woody Andy's toys live happily in his room until Andy's birthday brings Buzz Lightyear onto the scene. Afraid of losing his place in Andy's heart Woody plots against Buzz. But when circumstances separate Buzz and Woody from their owner the duo eventually learns to put aside their differences. martial arts jealousy friendship bullying elementary school friends rivalry rescue mission buddy walkie talkie toy car boy next door new toy neighborhood toy comes to life resourcefulness Animation Adventure Family Comedy
399566 In a time when monsters walk the Earth humanity’s fight for its future sets Godzilla and Kong on a collision course that will see the two most powerful forces of nature on the planet collide in a spectacular battle for the ages. giant monster dinosaur creature feature kaiju sign languages giant ape godzilla robot dinosaur king kong Action Science Fiction Adventure
"835113 An aspiring actress crosses paths with a prolific serial killer in '70s LA when they're cast on an episode of ""The Dating Game."" california rape photographer 1970s game show based on true story serial killer audition woman director aspiring actress actress violence Crime Drama Thriller"
39254 Charlie Kenton is a washed-up fighter who retired from the ring when robots took over the sport. After his robot is trashed he reluctantly teams up with his estranged son to rebuild and train an unlikely contender. parent child relationship fight future sports robot prizefight father son reunion robot fighting 2020s Action Science Fiction Drama
303857 One peaceful day on Earth two remnants of Frieza's army named Sorbet and Tagoma arrive searching for the Dragon Balls with the aim of reviving Frieza. They succeed and Frieza subsequently seeks revenge on the Saiyans. anime Action Animation Science Fiction
2062 Remy a resident of Paris appreciates good food and has quite a sophisticated palate. He would love to become a chef so he can create and enjoy culinary masterpieces to his heart's delight. The only problem is Remy is a rat. When he winds up in the sewer beneath one of Paris' finest restaurants the rodent gourmet finds himself ideally placed to realize his dream. work sibling relationship paris france expensive restaurant river confidence evacuation mouse leaving one's family restaurant critic spice cookbook food chef sewer unlikely friendship rat french cuisine Animation Comedy Family Fantasy
337339 When a mysterious woman seduces Dom into the world of crime and a betrayal of those closest to him the crew face trials that will test them as never before. new york city submarine sequel street race betrayal rescue mission criminal mastermind mysterious woman Action Crime Thriller
10144 This colorful adventure tells the story of an impetuous mermaid princess named Ariel who falls in love with the very human Prince Eric and puts everything on the line for the chance to be with him. Memorable songs and characters -- including the villainous sea witch Ursula. sea fireworks prince kingdom daughter mermaid princess crab fish out of water misunderstanding single father based on fairy tale true love bargain trident father daughter relationship Animation Family Fantasy
579974 A fictional history of two legendary revolutionaries' journey away from home before they began fighting for their country in the 1920s. revolution liberation slavery male friendship freedom fighter british empire rescue interracial romance historical fiction period drama historical 1920s history of india killed in action war Action Drama
198663 Set in a post-apocalyptic world young Thomas is deposited in a community of boys after his memory is erased soon learning they're all trapped in a maze that will require him to join forces with fellow “runners” for a shot at escape. based on novel or book maze post apocalyptic future dystopia escape memory loss erased memory trapped runner based on young adult novel Action Mystery Science Fiction Thriller
460465 Washed-up MMA fighter Cole Young unaware of his heritage and hunted by Emperor Shang Tsung's best warrior Sub-Zero seeks out and trains with Earth's greatest champions as he prepares to stand against the enemies of Outworld in a high stakes battle for the universe. saving the world magic ninja fighter alternate dimension shaolin monk fighting based on video game martial arts tournament gods hand to hand combat Action Fantasy Adventure
337404 In 1970s London amidst the punk rock revolution a young grifter named Estella is determined to make a name for herself with her designs. She befriends a pair of young thieves who appreciate her appetite for mischief and together they are able to build a life for themselves on the London streets. One day Estella’s flair for fashion catches the eye of the Baroness von Hellman a fashion legend who is devastatingly chic and terrifyingly haute. But their relationship sets in motion a course of events and revelations that will cause Estella to embrace her wicked side and become the raucous fashionable and revenge-bent Cruella. 1970s anti hero villain punk rock fashion designer fashion origin story live action remake Comedy Crime
49444 Po and his friends fight to stop a peacock villain from conquering China with a deadly new weapon but first the Dragon Warrior must come to terms with his past. mission martial arts kung fu hope villain fleet sequel panda friends woman director Animation Family Comedy
956920 An American family fulfills their dream of moving back to their roots after inheriting a remote cabin in the mountains of Norway. But there's a surprise waiting for them. elves dark comedy christmas horror comedy norwegian folklore old barn northern norway Comedy Horror Fantasy
691777 From the bustling streets of Jerusalem to the raging Sea of Galilee join Peter Nicodemus Mary Magdalene and a multitude of others as they journey alongside the most famous person ever to walk the earth. Witness the most miraculous events in history as Jesus sets sail with fishermen challenges the Pharisees befriends the outcasts and heals the hurting. The lives he touches will never be the same. Filmed in front of a live audience Sight & Sound's spectacular original production has been experienced by over one million people live on stage. bible jesus christ christian film sight & sound Family History Music
"843241 With the help of the ""Dragon Sin of Wrath"" Meliodas and the worst rebels in history the Seven Deadly Sins the ""Holy War"" in which four races including Humans Goddesses Fairies and Giants fought against the Demons is finally over. At the cost of the ""Lion Sin of Pride"" Escanor's life the Demon King was defeated and the world regained peace. After that each of the Sins take their own path. magic sequel anime Animation Fantasy"
467244 The commandant of Auschwitz Rudolf Höss and his wife Hedwig strive to build a dream life for their family in a house and garden next to the camp. husband wife relationship based on novel or book nazi concentration camp holocaust (shoah) world war ii auschwitz birkenau concentration camp garden biography based on true story nazi officer genocide 1940s commandant complicity introspective ambivalent Drama War History
877817 Hired to cover up a high-profile crime a fixer soon finds his night spiralling out of control when he's forced to work with an unexpected counterpart. hotel room lone wolf drugs buddy comedy fixer drug kingpin witty intense brisk job gone wrong black comedy Action Comedy Thriller
527774 Long ago in the fantasy world of Kumandra humans and dragons lived together in harmony. But when an evil force threatened the land the dragons sacrificed themselves to save humanity. Now 500 years later that same evil has returned and it’s up to a lone warrior Raya to track down the legendary last dragon to restore the fractured land and its divided people. kung fu sword warrior woman dragon vietnamese south asian warrior Animation Family Fantasy Action Adventure
800158 After a fateful near-miss an assassin battles his employers and himself on an international manhunt he insists isn't personal. sniper new york city assassin airport paris france hitman new orleans louisiana dark comedy client product placement sociopath revenge murder fate lawyer brutality based on graphic novel character study perfectionist empathy dominican republic assassination attempt cold blooded killer tampa florida manhunt international manhunt precision gig economy secret violence Crime Thriller
879538 After witnessing a brutal murder in a cabin a man hides in a crawlspace while the killers scour the property for a hidden fortune. As they draw nearer he must decide if the crawlspace will be his tomb or the battleground in his fight for survival. small town plumber murder drugs trapped illegal logging crawlspace stashed cash corrupt cop Thriller
425 With the impending ice age almost upon them a mismatched trio of prehistoric critters – Manny the woolly mammoth Diego the saber-toothed tiger and Sid the giant sloth – find an orphaned infant and decide to return it to its human parents. Along the way the unlikely allies become friends but when enemies attack their quest takes on far nobler aims. human evolution loss of loved one parent child relationship squirrel mammoth sloth dying and death stone age prehistoric saber toothed tiger cavemen prehistoric creature road movie prehistoric adventure prehistoric times neanderthal prehistoric man ground sloth Animation Comedy Family Adventure
290271 The special takes place during the two year before the Straw Hats reunite on Sabody.  Luffy is currently in Rusukaina training to get stronger to take on the New World. However the training  is interrupted when Hancock's sisters Marigold and Sandersonia are kidnapped by the Byrnndi World  a pirate who was locked away on Level 6 of Impel Down but escaped during Luffy's invasion to save Ace  in order to lure Hancock to him and use her as a hostage against the World Government due to her  Shichibukai status. Thus Luffy and Hancock head off to confront him and save Hancock's sisters. anime Action Animation Adventure Comedy Fantasy
"301528 Woody has always been confident about his place in the world and that his priority is taking care of his kid whether that's Andy or Bonnie. But when Bonnie adds a reluctant new toy called ""Forky"" to her room a road trip adventure alongside old and new friends will show Woody how big the world can be for a toy. friendship cartoon rescue mission sequel buddy cowboy duringcreditsstinger toy comes to life Family Adventure Animation Comedy Fantasy"
585511 Suddenly finding herself in the never-before-seen Land of Luck the unluckiest person in the world must unite with the magical creatures there to turn her luck around. superstition bad luck leprechaun computer animation female protagonist Animation Adventure Comedy Fantasy
10198 A waitress desperate to fulfill her dreams as a restaurant owner is set on a journey to turn a frog prince back into a human being but she has to face the same problem after she kisses him. new orleans louisiana voodoo kiss princess cajun firefly based on fairy tale duringcreditsstinger big dreams frog prince charlatan 1920s Romance Family Animation
285 Captain Barbossa long believed to be dead has come back to life and is headed to the edge of the Earth with Will Turner and Elizabeth Swann. But nothing is quite as it seems. exotic island east india company love of one's life traitor shipwreck strong woman singapore afterlife sword fight pirate monkey swashbuckler flying dutchman rum sailing ship aftercreditsstinger british navy mass hanging Adventure Fantasy Action
723347 A womanizer and a gold digger trick people into relationships with illegal robot doubles. When they unwittingly use this scam on each other their robot doubles fall in love and elope forcing the duo to team up to hunt them down before the authorities discover their secret. romantic comedy robot scam artist independent film dating scam Romance Science Fiction Fantasy Comedy
477462 Every parent's worst nightmare is just the beginning for Rachel's ordeal as in the aftermath of a tragic accident she and her husband Anthony decide to move to the other side of the world to focus on their surviving twin son Elliot.  What begins as a time of healing and isolation in the Finnish countryside turns into a desperate battle for the very soul of their son as an entity claiming to be his dead twin brother takes over Elliot — setting Rachel on a diabolical journey to unravel the horrible truth about her twin son. twin brother possession car accident satanic cult finland dead brother Horror Mystery
10315 The Fantastic Mr. Fox bored with his current life plans a heist against the three local farmers. The farmers tired of sharing their chickens with the sly fox seek revenge against him and his family. based on novel or book tree peasant fox cider tale farm life anthropomorphism revenge stop motion Adventure Animation Comedy Family
913991 Modelo Prison. Barcelona 1977. Manuel a young accountant imprisoned and awaiting trial for embezzlement faces a sentence of 6 to 8 years a disproportionate punishment for the crime committed. Together with his cellmate Pino he joins forces with COPEL a collective fighting for the rights of ordinary prisoners and amnesty. A war for freedom breaks out that will bring the Spanish prison system to its knees. If things are changing outside they’ll have to do the same inside. A tale of friendship solidarity and freedom inspired in true events. prison 1970s based on true story Drama
800279 In this office satire Orson a straight-laced employee retreats to a blissfully empty corner office to get away from his lackluster colleagues. But why does this seem to upset them so much? dramedy workplace comedy Comedy Drama
460458 Once the booming home of pharmaceutical giant Umbrella Corporation Raccoon City is now a dying Midwestern town. The company’s exodus left the city a wasteland…with great evil brewing below the surface. When that evil is unleashed the townspeople are forever…changed…and a small group of survivors must work together to uncover the truth behind Umbrella and make it through the night. mutant biological weapon infection orphanage zombie mansion police station based on video game reboot ghost town duringcreditsstinger lockdown 1990s secret experiment Horror Science Fiction Action
653851 The harrowing true story of two elite US Navy fighter pilots during the Korean War. Their heroic sacrifices would ultimately make them the Navy's most celebrated wingmen. korean war aftercreditsstinger duringcreditsstinger War Drama Action
8871 The Grinch decides to rob Whoville of Christmas - but a dash of kindness from little Cindy Lou Who and her family may be enough to melt his heart... holiday based on novel or book christmas party new love santa claus village thief surrealism public humiliation christmas surreal world Family Comedy Fantasy
260514 Blindsided by a new generation of blazing-fast racers the legendary Lightning McQueen is suddenly pushed out of the sport he loves. To get back in the game he will need the help of an eager young race technician with her own plan to win inspiration from the late Fabulous Hudson Hornet and a few unexpected turns. Proving that #95 isn't through yet will test the heart of a champion on Piston Cup Racing’s biggest stage! trainer sequel travel racing anthropomorphism high tech Animation Adventure Comedy Family
665899 Deep in the underbelly of New York City a five year-old girl and her mother live among a community that has claimed the abandoned subway tunnels as their home. After a sudden police-mandated eviction the pair are forced to flee aboveground into a brutal winter night. Determined to return home they fight to find shelter as their world is thrown into chaos. police brutality escape family drama obdachlose Drama
518896 When a meteor carrying a destructive plant strikes the world a suicide squad is given hours to save their post-apocalyptic city from total collapse. alien life form meteorite Drama Action Science Fiction
476669 As a collection of history's worst tyrants and criminal masterminds gather to plot a war to wipe out millions one man must race against time to stop them. london england world war i spy based on comic prequel rasputin world domination duringcreditsstinger 1910s Action Adventure Thriller
365177 Returning to her home planet an infamous outlaw forms an unexpected alliance with a team of unlikely heroes. Together they battle alien monsters and dangerous bandits to find a missing girl who holds the key to unimaginable power. based on video game Action Science Fiction Adventure
512195 An Interpol-issued Red Notice is a global alert to hunt and capture the world's most wanted. But when a daring heist brings together the FBI's top profiler and two rival criminals there's no telling what will happen. fbi interpol cleopatra heist art thief Action Comedy Crime Thriller
585245 As Emily struggles to fit in at home and at school she discovers a small red puppy who is destined to become her best friend. When Clifford magically undergoes one heck of a growth spurt becomes a gigantic dog and attracts the attention of a genetics company Emily and her Uncle Casey have to fight the forces of greed as they go on the run across New York City. Along the way Clifford affects the lives of everyone around him and teaches Emily and her uncle the true meaning of acceptance and unconditional love. based on novel or book giant dog pets Family Adventure Comedy Fantasy
912916 Zoey Miller a super smart computer major uninterested in romantic love has her life turned upside down when Zack the school’s soccer star gets amnesia and mistakes Zoey for his girlfriend. romantic comedy romantic teen comedy Romance Drama Comedy
843269 A virtual world in a scab coral (coral-like information life form) created by Eureka. Ten years have passed since the people of the virtual world appeared on this earth with the collapse. As a result of this “great fusion” human beings in the virtual world call themselves “Green Earth” and human beings on the old Earth call themselves “Blue Earth” and various collisions will be repeated under the surface of the water. And Dewey Novak a high-ranking official of the Green Earth Army raises up with his colleagues to protect their dignity and finally puts into action a large-scale terrorist program. mecha anime Animation Drama Adventure Science Fiction
348893 In the fourth installment of the fighting franchise Boyka is shooting for the big leagues when an accidental death in the ring makes him question everything he stands for. When he finds out the wife of the man he accidentally killed is in trouble Boyka offers to fight in a series of impossible battles to free her from a life of servitude. prison wife sports accidental death fighting Action Drama
493529 A charming thief and a band of unlikely adventurers undertake an epic heist to retrieve a lost relic but things go dangerously awry when they run afoul of the wrong people. platonic love gang of thieves dragon role playing game heist gone wrong duringcreditsstinger father daughter relationship spell & sorcery wizardry Adventure Fantasy Comedy
135397 Twenty-two years after the events of Jurassic Park Isla Nublar now features a fully functioning dinosaur theme park Jurassic World as originally envisioned by John Hammond. dna tyrannosaurus rex velociraptor island animal attack primal fear sequel disaster escape dinosaur creature park amusement park theme park genetic engineering raptor animal horror Action Adventure Science Fiction Thriller
"615457 Hutch Mansell a suburban dad overlooked husband nothing neighbor — a ""nobody."" When two thieves break into his home one night Hutch's unknown long-simmering rage is ignited and propels him on a brutal path that will uncover dark secrets he fought to leave behind. assassin double life midlife crisis secret organization russian mafia thief home invasion family duringcreditsstinger former fbi Action Crime Thriller"
"833593 19-year-old Yoon Young lives alone with her mother and prepares for the civil service exam while working part-time. Regardless of good heart and sincere will unexpected incidents turn Yoon Young from a victim to the killer driving her to prison and being called inmate ""2037"" instead of ""Yoon Young."" In a hopeless situation her co-inmates in Cell No. 12 with their own stories offer a hand of hope to protect Yoon Young... single parent prison cell pregnant minor mute sexual assault Family Drama"
649609 Having grown sick and tired of his centuries as Dracula's lackey Renfield finds a new lease on life — and maybe even redemption — when he falls for feisty perennially angry traffic cop Rebecca Quincy. vampire police gore bugs mob family crooked cops horror comedy immortal dracula abusive relationship bloody death violence Comedy Horror Fantasy Action
"864101 Near future. Lera Arabova is a 15-year-old girl who lives with her family in Vladivostok. Lera's father has been working at the orbiting space station ""Mira"" for many years and has long lost contact with his daughter turning only into a voice on the phone. After a meteor shower hits the city Lera has only one chance to save her loved ones and the city from a new disaster. Her father helps her in this - through satellite surveillance systems and the telephone he uses every opportunity to send a message to his daughter watching from above from the station her every step. nan Drama Adventure Science Fiction Family"
10195 Against his father Odin's will The Mighty Thor - a powerful but arrogant warrior god - recklessly reignites an ancient war. Thor is cast down to Earth and forced to live among humans as punishment. Once here Thor learns what it takes to be a true hero when the most dangerous villain of his world sends the darkest forces of Asgard to invade Earth. new mexico banishment superhero based on comic redemption norse mythology aftercreditsstinger marvel cinematic universe (mcu) Adventure Fantasy Action
1930 Peter Parker is an outcast high schooler abandoned by his parents as a boy leaving him to be raised by his Uncle Ben and Aunt May. Like most teenagers Peter is trying to figure out who he is and how he got to be the person he is today. As Peter discovers a mysterious briefcase that belonged to his father he begins a quest to understand his parents' disappearance – leading him directly to Oscorp and the lab of Dr. Curt Connors his father's former partner. As Spider-Man is set on a collision course with Connors' alter ego The Lizard Peter will make life-altering choices to use his powers and shape his destiny to become a hero. loss of loved one experiment vigilante superhero based on comic teenage girl violent death teenage boy super power spider bite masked vigilante reboot genetic engineering social outcast death of husband duringcreditsstinger teenage hero virus teenage angst vigilante justice Action Adventure Fantasy
884363 Togo just wants to watch his neighbors' homes wash their cars and clean up their sidewalks. But the drug traffickers want more from him. nan Crime Drama
438695 Buster and his new cast now have their sights set on debuting a new show at the Crystal Tower Theater in glamorous Redshore City. But with no connections he and his singers must sneak into the Crystal Entertainment offices run by the ruthless wolf mogul Jimmy Crystal where the gang pitches the ridiculous idea of casting the lion rock legend Clay Calloway in their show. Buster must embark on a quest to find the now-isolated Clay and persuade him to return to the stage. stage villain sequel anthropomorphism singing animal illumination Animation Family Music Comedy
49521 A young boy learns that he has extraordinary powers and is not of this earth. As a young man he journeys to discover where he came from and what he was sent here to do. But the hero in him must emerge if he is to save the world from annihilation and become the symbol of hope for all mankind. saving the world flying hope superhero based on comic alien planet superhuman alien invasion super power mysterious force reboot save the day dc extended universe (dceu) save the planet origin story alien spaceship Action Adventure Science Fiction
936061 As Marshall Gilbert and Amy are preparing for her father’s Spooktacular Halloween-themed wedding to his fiancé Carl plans go awry when they discover that their mummy friend Harold and his beloved Rose may be in danger. halloween Family Comedy Fantasy TV Movie
644124 Haunted by nightmares con artist Harlan Draka wanders through the war-torn Balkans making money out of superstitious villagers afraid of imaginary monsters. But after being hired by soldiers who are under attack by an army of actual vampires Harlan will discover the truth about his past: he's half-human and half-vampire... a Dampyr. vampire balkan war based on comic bonelli Horror Fantasy Action
589761 The aftermath of a shocking explosion at the Chernobyl nuclear power station made hundreds of people sacrifice their lives to clean up the site of the catastrophe and to successfully prevent an even bigger disaster that could have turned a large part of the European continent into an uninhabitable exclusion zone. This is their story. diving radiation based on true story firefighter chernobyl Drama History Adventure Action Fantasy Mystery
259693 Lorraine and Ed Warren travel to north London to help a single mother raising four children alone in a house plagued by malicious spirits. london england england 1970s spirit single mother demon paranormal investigation demonic possession ghost christmas valak Horror Thriller
50646 Cal Weaver is living the American dream. He has a good job a beautiful house great children and a beautiful wife named Emily. Cal's seemingly perfect life unravels however when he learns that Emily has been unfaithful and wants a divorce. Over 40 and suddenly single Cal is adrift in the fickle world of dating. Enter Jacob Palmer a self-styled player who takes Cal under his wing and teaches him how to be a hit with the ladies. friendship soulmates marriage crisis midlife crisis babysitter womanizer law school los angeles california middle school relationship love affair divorcee teenage love Comedy Drama Romance
812488 Camila is a young member of an elite police unit. During an operation in a dangerous area she turns up in the middle of a ritual in which their members burnt themselves to death. She suffers severe burns all over her body and goes into a coma. In her long recovery her friend Fatima a criminal prosecutor and her partner and ex-boyfriend Ángel will help her. But Camila acts strange she is distant emotionless. The albino a female figure who is attached to her soul since the ritual episode is here to play a game with the three of them. nan Thriller Fantasy Horror
603 Set in the 22nd century The Matrix tells the story of a computer hacker who joins a group of underground insurgents fighting the vast and powerful computers who now rule the earth. man vs machine martial arts dream artificial intelligence (a.i.) saving the world hacker self sacrifice virtual reality fight prophecy truth philosophy dystopia insurgence simulated reality cyberpunk dream world messiah action hero gnosticism allegory of the cave Action Science Fiction
420809 Maleficent and her goddaughter Aurora begin to question the complex family ties that bind them as they are pulled in different directions by impending nuptials unexpected allies and dark new forces at play. magic fairy fairy tale villain sequel live action remake Family Fantasy Adventure Action
284053 Thor is imprisoned on the other side of the universe and finds himself in a race against time to get back to Asgard to stop Ragnarok the destruction of his home-world and the end of Asgardian civilization at the hands of a powerful new threat the ruthless Hela. sequel superhero based on comic alien planet female villain norse mythology aftercreditsstinger duringcreditsstinger marvel cinematic universe (mcu) norse god loki Action Adventure Fantasy Science Fiction Comedy
942951 A group of people searching for a magical tree in a mysterious jungle find they are not alone. Something is watching them waiting for the perfect moment to strike. nan Drama
934433 Following the latest Ghostface killings the four survivors leave Woodsboro behind and start a fresh chapter. mask new york city trauma halloween college fake identity sequel conspiracy theory revenge public murder murder social commentary serial killer police corruption slasher whodunit multiple stabbings brutality killing spree self referential crime spree aftercreditsstinger movie fan copycat killer generation z fbi agent Horror Crime Thriller
937278 When a lively young family moves in next door grumpy widower Otto Anderson meets his match in a quick-witted pregnant woman named Marisol leading to an unlikely friendship that turns his world upside down. based on novel or book suicide attempt remake flashback miscarriage new neighbor mourning forced retirement death of wife bus accident grumpy man transgender character Comedy Drama
552688 A deadly female assassin comes out of hiding to protect the daughter that she gave up years before while on the run from dangerous men. female assassin mother and daughter Action Thriller
44214 A journey through the psyche of a young ballerina whose starring role as the duplicitous swan queen turns out to be a part for which she becomes frighteningly perfect. new york city dancing dancer nightmare competition obsession insanity paranoia hallucination ballet dancer ballet female protagonist psychological thriller fear heartbreak mental illness madness reality vs fantasy swan lake ballerina stage performance aggressive self harm mother daughter relationship self destructiveness theater pointe shoes antagonistic Drama Thriller Horror
635910 The crew of the merchant ship Demeter attempts to survive the ocean voyage from Carpathia to London as they are stalked each night by a merciless presence onboard the ship. ship based on novel or book vampire gothic horror dracula 1890s Thriller Horror
24428 When an unexpected enemy emerges and threatens global safety and security Nick Fury director of the international peacekeeping agency known as S.H.I.E.L.D. finds himself in need of a team to pull the world back from the brink of disaster. Spanning the globe a daring recruitment effort begins! new york city shield superhero based on comic alien invasion superhero team aftercreditsstinger duringcreditsstinger marvel cinematic universe (mcu) Science Fiction Action Adventure
639721 The Addams get tangled up in more wacky adventures and find themselves involved in hilarious run-ins with all sorts of unsuspecting characters. nan Animation Adventure Comedy Family Fantasy Horror
429617 Peter Parker and his friends go on a summer trip to Europe. However they will hardly be able to rest - Peter will have to agree to help Nick Fury uncover the mystery of creatures that cause natural disasters and destruction throughout the continent. venice italy europe school trip sequel superhero based on comic destruction aftercreditsstinger duringcreditsstinger marvel cinematic universe (mcu) tower of london Action Adventure Science Fiction
168259 Deckard Shaw seeks revenge against Dominic Toretto and his family for his comatose brother. car race speed street race revenge race muscle car Action Thriller Crime
691777 From the bustling streets of Jerusalem to the raging Sea of Galilee join Peter Nicodemus Mary Magdalene and a multitude of others as they journey alongside the most famous person ever to walk the earth. Witness the most miraculous events in history as Jesus sets sail with fishermen challenges the Pharisees befriends the outcasts and heals the hurting. The lives he touches will never be the same. Filmed in front of a live audience Sight & Sound's spectacular original production has been experienced by over one million people live on stage. bible jesus christ christian film sight & sound Family History Music
10674 To save her father from certain death in the army a young woman secretly enlists in his place and becomes one of China's greatest heroines in the process. china homeland villain musical sexism training daughter cricket princess based on true story female protagonist dragon east asian lead war hero based on song poem or rhyme luck great wall of china gender disguise based on fairy tale female warrior hand drawn animation father daughter relationship woman disguised as man Animation Family Adventure
941959 Rosario in the 80s. The disappearance of a man during the military dictatorship. Two young people from the court must do everything possible to solve the case while facing police corruption and various dangers that put their lives at risk. nan Thriller
592350 Class 1-A visits Nabu Island where they finally get to do some real hero work. The place is so peaceful that it's more like a vacation … until they're attacked by a villain with an unfathomable Quirk! His power is eerily familiar and it looks like Shigaraki had a hand in the plan. But with All Might retired and citizens' lives on the line there's no time for questions. Deku and his friends are the next generation of heroes and they're the island's only hope. japan hero superhero fighting super power shounen anime Animation Action Fantasy Adventure
962232 While waiting for a kidney transplant a young pianist finds an unexpected connection with her doctor — and the courage to fulfill her musical dreams. nan Romance Drama Comedy
895003 Tanjiro ventures to Asakusa Tokyo for his second mission with the Demon Slayer Corps. edited from tv series anime Animation Fantasy
810 The King of Far Far Away has died and Shrek and Fiona are to become King & Queen. However Shrek wants to return to his cozy swamp and live in peace and quiet so when he finds out there is another heir to the throne they set off to bring him back to rule the kingdom. ship island ambush kingdom boarding school liberation of prisoners pregnancy traitor shipwreck stage sadness transformation assault prince theater play tricks heir to the throne conciliation sequel teacher best friend dragon cowardliness capture duringcreditsstinger ogre cartoon donkey Fantasy Adventure Animation Comedy Family
324552 John Wick is forced out of retirement by a former associate looking to seize control of a shadowy international assassins’ guild. Bound by a blood oath to aid him Wick travels to Rome and does battle against some of the world’s most dangerous killers. italy martial arts assassin gun roof hitman secret organization sequel revenge shootout gun fu handshake neo noir dark fight scenes dogs Action Thriller Crime
921360 New recruit Justin Rosa must monitor arms-smuggling cartel member Eddie Flynn — and keep him alive at all costs. When a SWAT team descends on Flynn’s home Rosa breaks protocol and contacts the gangster directly to save his life. As gunmen break into the Wire Room and chaos erupts Mueller and Rosa make a final desperate stand against the corrupt agents and officials who seek to destroy evidence and kill them both. nan Action Crime Thriller
438148 A fanboy of a supervillain supergroup known as the Vicious 6 Gru hatches a plan to become evil enough to join them with the backup of his followers the Minions. 1970s sequel spin off duringcreditsstinger illumination minions gentleminions Animation Comedy Family
508442 Joe Gardner is a middle school teacher with a love for jazz music. After a successful audition at the Half Note Club he suddenly gets into an accident that separates his soul from his body and is transported to the You Seminar a center in which souls develop and gain passions before being transported to a newborn child. Joe must enlist help from the other souls-in-training like 22 a soul who has spent eons in the You Seminar in order to get back to Earth. new york city cat jazz self discovery jazz singer or musician musician teacher life after death fairy tales Animation Family Comedy Fantasy Drama
532067 It is not strange that the Demon Lord's forces fear the Crimson Demons the clan from which Megumin and Yunyun originate. Even if the Demon Lord's generals attack their village the Crimson Demons can just easily brush them off with their supreme mastery of advanced and overpowered magic.  When Yunyun receives a seemingly serious letter regarding a potential disaster coming to her hometown she immediately informs Kazuma Satou and the rest of his party. After a series of wacky misunderstandings it turns out to be a mere prank by her fellow demon who wants to be an author. Even so Megumin becomes worried about her family and sets out toward the Crimson Demons' village with the gang.  There Kazuma and the others decide to sightsee the wonders of Megumin's birthplace. However they soon come to realize that the nonsense threat they received might have been more than just a joke. based on novel or book magic supernatural parody parallel world fantasy world seinen anime deity isekai Animation Adventure Comedy Fantasy
"39456 The young pretty and shy Angela Duvall is jailed for murder in some Latin American country. In the prison she gets brutally ""initiated"" by the other inmates. The nice honest and handsome prison doctor believe she's innocent and tries to help her out. prison corruption jungle Action Drama"
99436 Every choice you make can change the course of your life. This is the premise of THE JAPANESE WIFE NEXT DOOR series. Beginning exactly the same as Part One a businessman’s life is almost complete; all he needs is a wife. He meets two women… and this time he marries the rich one — whose family just happens to be a bunch of sado-masochistic sociopaths! Directed by ‘Mr. Pink’ Yutaka Ikejima and starring the sexy Yazaki Akane and with a special appearance by erotic bombshell Reiko Yamaguchi star of part one the JAPANESE WIFE NEXT DOOR – PART 2 is a raunchy and bizarre erotic comedy! sequel newlywed pink film Comedy
626872 While investigating a terroristic threat that goes viral online Korean authorities discover that a suspect has recently boarded an international flight bound for the United States. When a healthy passenger on the same flight suddenly dies a gruesome death of unknown cause panic erupts both in-flight and on the ground. With steadily decreasing fuel and international refusals to offer aid the captain and crew will be forced to take unprecedented emergency measures in an attempt to save the lives of their passengers. terrorist emergency landing flight aviation airplane hijacking microbiology enclosed space Action Drama Mystery Thriller
278 Framed in the 1940s for the double murder of his wife and her lover upstanding banker Andy Dufresne begins a new life at the Shawshank prison where he puts his accounting skills to work for an amoral warden. During his long stretch in prison Dufresne comes to be admired by the other inmates -- including an older prisoner named Red -- for his integrity and unquenchable sense of hope. prison corruption police brutality based on novel or book prison cell delinquent parole board prison escape wrongful imprisonment framed for murder 1940s Drama Crime
37165 Every second of every day from the moment he was born for the last thirty years Truman Burbank has been the unwitting star of the longest running most popular documentary-soap opera in history. The picture-perfect town of Seahaven that he calls home is actually a gigantic soundstage. Truman's friends and family - everyone he meets in fact - are actors. He lives every moment under the unblinking gaze of thousands of hidden TV cameras. escape paranoia dystopia suspicion video surveillance deception hidden camera simulated reality television producer tv show in film questioning make believe reflective wonder tv show direct actor witty antagonistic dignified Comedy Drama
459151 The Templeton brothers — Tim and his Boss Baby little bro Ted — have become adults and drifted away from each other. But a new boss baby with a cutting-edge approach and a can-do attitude is about to bring them together again … and inspire a new family business. baby boss sequel sibling family Animation Comedy Adventure Family
759175 A beautiful strong-willed young royal refuses to wed the cruel sociopath to whom she is betrothed and is kidnapped and locked in a remote tower of her father’s castle. With her scorned vindictive suitor intent on taking her father’s throne the princess must protect her family and save the kingdom. princess Fantasy Action
529106 Igor Grom is a skilled policeman from St. Petersburg known for his daring nature and uncompromising attitude towards the criminals of all kinds. Incredible strength analytical mind and integrity – these qualities make Major Grom the perfect policeman. Working tirelessly he always pushes through and meets the challenges standing in the way. comics bubble comics Action Adventure
131634 With the nation of Panem in a full scale war Katniss confronts President Snow in the final showdown. Teamed with a group of her closest friends – including Gale Finnick and Peeta – Katniss goes off on a mission with the unit from District 13 as they risk their lives to stage an assassination attempt on President Snow who has become increasingly obsessed with destroying her. The mortal traps enemies and moral choices that await Katniss will challenge her more than any arena she faced in The Hunger Games. strong woman based on novel or book revolution dystopia death match based on young adult novel Action Adventure Science Fiction
818647 Raquel's longtime crush on her next-door neighbor turns into something more when he starts developing feelings for her despite his family's objections. based on novel or book family business stalking class differences toxic relationship brothers teen romance family obligations teenager Drama Romance
1364 Various lives converge on an isolated island all connected by an author whose novel has become inextricably entwined with his own life. loss of loved one madrid spain waitress dream love of one's life pregnancy formentera extramarital affair illegitimate son Drama Romance
335 As the railroad builders advance unstoppably through the Arizona desert on their way to the sea Jill arrives in the small town of Flagstone with the intention of starting a new life. small town loss of loved one harmonica wedding party spaghetti western arizona territory intercontintental railroad outlaw gang water pump mysterious character boom town railroad company hope for a new life railroad construction preserved film Drama Western
"126963 The events of Battle of Gods take place some years after the battle with Majin Buu which determined the fate of the entire universe. After awakening from a long slumber Beerus the God of Destruction is visited by Whis his attendant and learns that the galactic overlord Frieza has been defeated by a Super Saiyan from the North Quadrant of the universe named Goku who is also a former student of the North Kai. Ecstatic over the new challenge Goku ignores King Kai's advice and battles Beerus but he is easily overwhelmed and defeated. Beerus leaves but his eerie remark of ""Is there nobody on Earth more worthy to destroy?"" lingers on. Now it is up to the heroes to stop the God of Destruction before all is lost. bingo dragon battle gods anime Animation Action Science Fiction"
725201 When a shadowy CIA agent uncovers damning agency secrets he's hunted across the globe by a sociopathic rogue operative who's put a bounty on his head. cia based on novel or book kidnapping hitman agent rogue agent hunted ex cia agent Action Thriller
505262 All Might and Deku accept an invitation to go abroad to a floating and mobile manmade city called 'I-Island' where they research quirks as well as hero supplemental items at the special 'I-Expo' convention that is currently being held on the island. During that time suddenly despite an iron wall of security surrounding the island the system is breached by a villain and the only ones able to stop him are the students of Class 1-A. japan hero superhero school fighting hostage situation super power shounen anime Animation Action Adventure Fantasy
"408 A beautiful girl Snow White takes refuge in the forest in the house of seven dwarfs to hide from her stepmother the wicked Queen. The Queen is jealous because she wants to be known as ""the fairest in the land"" and Snow White's beauty surpasses her own. poison dwarf witch becoming an adult sadness queen attempted murder dying and death miner princess apple candlelight vigil based on fairy tale magic mirror Fantasy Animation Family"
9552 When a charming 12-year-old girl takes on the characteristics and voices of others doctors say there is nothing they can do. As people begin to die the girl's mother realizes her daughter has been possessed by the devil--and that her daughter's only possible hope lies with two priests and the ancient rite of demonic exorcism. religion and supernatural exorcism holy water paranormal phenomena possession vomit satan priest ouija board demon strong language catholic church demonic possession disturbed child crisis of faith sfx religious horror supernatural horror Horror Thriller Drama
14160 Carl Fredricksen spent his entire life dreaming of exploring the globe and experiencing life to its fullest. But at age 78 life seems to have passed him by until a twist of fate (and a persistent 8-year old Wilderness Explorer named Russell) gives him a new lease on life. central and south america age difference balloon travel dog duringcreditsstinger pets exploring senior Animation Comedy Family Adventure
295830 100 years ago titans suddenly appeared on Earth. Soon human civilization veered on collapse due to the titans. Humans then built a giant wall to defend themselves. Within the giant walls humans lived in peace but 100 years later the giant wall is broken. monster wall transformation based on manga death of family extinction shounen titan live action anime suspense Horror Fantasy Action Science Fiction
68726 Using massive piloted robots to combat the alien threat earth's survivors take the fight to the invading alien force lurking in the depths of the Pacific Ocean. Nearly defenseless in the face of the relentless enemy the forces of mankind have no choice but to turn to two unlikely heroes who now stand as earth's final hope against the mounting apocalypse. monster dystopia pacific alaska giant robot giant monster apocalypse hong kong robot alien invasion kaiju duringcreditsstinger monster movie 2020s Action Science Fiction Adventure
667739 In a case of mistaken identity the world’s deadliest assassin known as the Man from Toronto and a New York City screw-up are forced to team up after being confused for each other at a rental cabin. assassin mistaken identity torture evil dictator Action Comedy
9820 Hallie Parker and Annie James are identical twins separated at a young age because of their parents' divorce. Unknowingly to their parents the girls are sent to the same summer camp where they meet discover the truth about themselves and then plot with each other to switch places. california twin sister summer camp remake matchmaking twins separated at birth identity swap divorced parents woman director napa valley sister sister relationship parent child reunion Comedy Family
447277 The youngest of King Triton’s daughters and the most defiant Ariel longs to find out more about the world beyond the sea and while visiting the surface falls for the dashing Prince Eric. With mermaids forbidden to interact with humans Ariel makes a deal with the evil sea witch Ursula which gives her a chance to experience life on land but ultimately places her life – and her father’s crown – in jeopardy. witch mermaid musical based on fairy tale live action remake Adventure Family Fantasy Romance
58 Captain Jack Sparrow works his way out of a blood debt with the ghostly Davy Jones to avoid eternal damnation. witch fortune teller bondage exotic island monster captain east india company compass ship daughter sword fight pirate cannibal swashbuckler kraken aftercreditsstinger based on theme park ride Adventure Fantasy Action
10193 Woody Buzz and the rest of Andy's toys haven't been played with in years. With Andy about to go to college the gang find themselves accidentally left at a nefarious day care center. The toys must band together to escape and return home to Andy. escape hostage college villain sequel buddy daycare teddy bear duringcreditsstinger toy comes to life personification inanimate objects come to life backstory oscar winner Animation Family Comedy
348 During its return to the earth commercial spaceship Nostromo intercepts a distress signal from a distant planet. When a three-member team of the crew discovers a chamber containing thousands of eggs on the planet a creature inside one of the eggs attacks an explorer. The entire crew is unaware of the impending nightmare set to descend upon them when the alien parasite planted inside its unfortunate host is birthed. android spacecraft space marine biology dystopia countdown space suit beheading space travel cowardice alien space female protagonist parasite space opera cosmos xenomorph Horror Science Fiction
927341 Billionaire sportsman Buddy King unwinds by hunting human captives on his remote mountain estate. But his latest victim Ava Bravo is no easy target. snowstorm woods survival snow captive hunt Thriller Action
904039 Melman the Giraffe meets Hank a goose who has been separated from his family and along with his friends they embark on a wild goose chase around the city to reunite Hank with his merry flock. nan Animation Comedy
49013 Star race car Lightning McQueen and his pal Mater head overseas to compete in the World Grand Prix race. But the road to the championship becomes rocky as Mater gets caught up in an intriguing adventure of his own: international espionage. car race sequel anthropomorphism best friend duringcreditsstinger Animation Family Adventure Comedy
557 After being bitten by a genetically altered spider at Oscorp nerdy but endearing high school student Peter Parker is endowed with amazing powers to become the superhero known as Spider-Man. new york city adolescence photographer loss of loved one photography secret identity hostility superhero spider bad boss villain based on comic teenage boy teenage love evil super villain taking responsibility Action Science Fiction
347201 The spirited Boruto Uzumaki son of Seventh Hokage Naruto is a skilled ninja who possesses the same brashness and passion his father once had. However the constant absence of his father who is busy with his Hokage duties puts a damper on Boruto's fire. He ends up meeting his father's friend Sasuke and requests to become... his apprentice!? The curtain on the story of the new generation rises! anime boruto Animation Action Comedy
610133 A review of Dragon Ball Z from the Saiyan Saga all the way to the Trunks Saga. flying martial arts brotherhood transformation flashback alien based on manga muscleman special feature anime elderly man outer space spaceship small boy flying cloud Action
833425 Stranded at a rest stop in the mountains during a blizzard a recovering addict discovers a kidnapped child hidden in a car belonging to one of the people inside the building which sets her on a terrifying struggle to identify who among them is the kidnapper. based on novel or book winter isolation blizzard child kidnapping college student Horror Thriller Mystery
65 For Jimmy Smith Jr. life is a daily fight just to keep hope alive. Feeding his dreams in Detroit's vibrant music scene Jimmy wages an extraordinary personal struggle to find his own voice - and earn a place in a world where rhymes rule legends are born and every moment… is another chance. individual adolescence rap music hip hop rhyme battle trailer park street gang ethnic stereotype rapper ghetto single detroit michigan semi autobiographical 1990s battle rap Drama Music
"20982 Demons that once almost destroyed the world are revived by someone. To prevent the world from being destroyed the demon has to be sealed and the only one who can do it is the shrine maiden Shion from the country of demons who has two powers; one is sealing demons and the other is predicting the deaths of humans. This time Naruto's mission is to guard Shion but she predicts Naruto's death. The only way to escape it is to get away from Shion which would leave her unguarded then the demon whose only goal is to kill Shion will do so thus meaning the end of the world. Naruto decides to challenge this ""prediction of death."" bodyguard protection premonition ninja demon priestess terracotta army anime Animation Action Fantasy"
863 Andy heads off to Cowboy Camp leaving his toys to their own devices. Things shift into high gear when an obsessive toy collector named Al McWhiggen owner of Al's Toy Barn kidnaps Woody. Andy's toys mount a daring rescue mission Buzz Lightyear meets his match and Woody has to decide where he and his heart truly belong. friendship airplane museum prosecution identity crisis flea market collector sequel buddy rescue team garage sale duringcreditsstinger toy comes to life personification inanimate objects come to life Animation Comedy Family
844416 Set in the dark landscape of the Mississippi Delta where a former bare-knuckle fighter must win one last fight to pay off his debts to the local mob boss and save his childhood home—the stakes nothing less than life or death. based on novel or book redneck debt cage fighting middle america father daughter relationship Thriller Action
848123 A group of officers based in a labyrinthine top-secret prison must fight for their lives against Hatchet a brilliant and infamous high-value detainee. When he escapes his mysterious and deadly agenda has far reaching and dire consequences. nan Action Thriller
674324 Two lifelong friends find themselves at an impasse when one abruptly ends their relationship with alarming consequences for both of them. irish civil war (1922 23) dark comedy ireland former best friend self mutilation fiddle 1920s brother sister relationship pub Drama Comedy
774301 The True story of how charismatic con man Jason Derek Brown bankrolls his extravagant lifestyle through a series of scams. On Brown’s trail: Lance Leising a dogged FBI special agent determined to put Brown behind bars. When Brown’s funds run low and his past catches up with him he plots his most elaborate scheme yet pitting himself against Leising in a deadly game of cat and mouse — and becoming the most unlikely and elusive fugitive on the FBI’s most-wanted list. nan Crime Thriller Drama
50620 After the birth of Renesmee the Cullens gather other vampire clans in order to protect the child from a false allegation that puts the family in front of the Volturi. based on novel or book vampire romance villainess teen movie werewolf supernatural creature super strength imprinting cross breed bloodsucker grudge chief of police wolf pack misinformation seeing the future based on young adult novel Adventure Fantasy Drama Romance
49026 Following the death of District Attorney Harvey Dent Batman assumes responsibility for Dent's crimes to protect the late attorney's reputation and is subsequently hunted by the Gotham City Police Department. Eight years later Batman encounters the mysterious Selina Kyle and the villainous Bane a new terrorist leader who overwhelms Gotham's finest. The Dark Knight resurfaces to protect a city that has branded him an enemy. fight burglar hostage secret identity crime fighter superhero villainess time bomb based on comic cover up vigilante tragic hero mobile terrorism destruction fighting criminal underworld cat burglar flood curious Action Crime Drama Thriller
696806 After accidentally crash-landing in 2022 time-traveling fighter pilot Adam Reed teams up with his 12-year-old self on a mission to save the future. time travel escape explore 2050s Adventure Science Fiction
366672 A hard-on-his-luck hound finds himself in a town full of cats in need of a hero to defend them from a ruthless villain's wicked plot to wipe their village off the map. With help from a reluctant mentor our underdog must assume the role of town samurai and team up with the villagers to save the day. japan cat samurai remake racism dog tyrant sumo aftercreditsstinger duringcreditsstinger fury good vs evil animated remake Animation Action Adventure Comedy Family Western
341174 When a wounded Christian Grey tries to entice a cautious Ana Steele back into his life she demands a new arrangement before she will give him another chance. As the two begin to build trust and find stability shadowy figures from Christian’s past start to circle the couple determined to destroy their hopes for a future together. based on novel or book boat eroticism kiss sequel bdsm Drama Romance
156022 McCall believes he has put his mysterious past behind him and dedicated himself to beginning a new quiet life. But when he meets Teri a young girl under the control of ultra-violent Russian gangsters he can’t stand idly by – he has to help her. Armed with hidden skills that allow him to serve vengeance against anyone who would brutalize the helpless McCall comes out of his self-imposed retirement and finds his desire for justice reawakened. If someone has a problem if the odds are stacked against them if they have nowhere else to turn McCall will help. He is The Equalizer. corruption call girl assassin hostage fbi hitman gangster sadism vigilante remake sociopath revenge organized crime gore teenage prostitute commando interrogation surveillance fake death ex soldier loner black ops hand to hand combat mysterious past vigilante justice Thriller Action Crime
906221 Mike Lane takes to the stage again after a lengthy hiatus following a business deal that went bust leaving him broke and taking bartender gigs in Florida. For what he hopes will be one last hurrah Mike heads to London with a wealthy socialite who lures him with an offer he can’t refuse… and an agenda all her own. With everything on the line once Mike discovers what she truly has in mind will he—and the roster of hot new dancers he’ll have to whip into shape—be able to pull it off? london england sequel dancehall girl male stripper bar dancer dancefilm abusive relationship Comedy Drama Romance
958182 Luis an 18-year-old Mexican boy with indigenous roots enters the Heroico Military College with the hope of securing a better future. There he encounters a rigid and institutionally violent system designed to make him a perfect soldier. mexico city mexico new mexican cinema social thriller méxico cine mexicano militar training militar drama Drama Thriller
529203 Searching for a safer habitat the prehistoric Crood family discovers an idyllic walled-in paradise that meets all of its needs. Unfortunately they must also learn to live with the Bettermans -- a family that's a couple of steps above the Croods on the evolutionary ladder. As tensions between the new neighbors start to rise a new threat soon propels both clans on an epic adventure that forces them to embrace their differences draw strength from one another and survive together. sequel prehistory Animation Family Adventure Fantasy Comedy
812225 As a lionhearted boy who can’t wield magic strives for the title of Wizard King four banished Wizard Kings of yore return to crush the Clover Kingdom. magic demon wizard shounen anime Animation Fantasy Action Adventure
43949 When Juli meets Bryce in the second grade she knows it's true love. After spending six years trying to convince Bryce the same she's ready to give up - until he starts to reconsider. shyness based on novel or book unrequited love neighbor family relationships teenage boy first crush young love opposites attract multiple perspectives 1950s 1960s based on young adult novel Romance Drama
630240 A woman with a metal plate in her head from a childhood car accident embarks on a bizarre journey bringing her into contact with a firefighter who's reunited with his missing son after 10 years. pregnancy trauma head wound car crash serial killer car accident woman director firefighter masculinity abortion missing son female serial killer woman disguised as man immaculate conception objectum sexuality body horror Drama Thriller Horror
889080 At the age of 89 Julián Moreno takes one last bus ride to El Paso Texas to visit his daughters and their children – a lengthy trip he has made without fail every month for decades. After returning to rural Mexico he quietly starts building a house in the empty lot next to his home. In the absence of his physical visits can this new house bridge the distance between his loved ones? nan Documentary
800345 Carter who awakens two months into a deadly pandemic originating from the DMZ that has already devastated US and North Korea. He who has no recollections of his past finds a mysterious device in his head and a lethal bomb in his mouth. A voice in his ears gives him orders to avoid getting killed and he's thrown into a mysterious operation while the CIA and North Korean coup chase him close. cia amnesia agent virus south korea inter korean relations Action Thriller
10138 With the world now aware of his dual life as the armored superhero Iron Man billionaire inventor Tony Stark faces pressure from the government the press and the public to share his technology with the military. Unwilling to let go of his invention Stark with Pepper Potts and James 'Rhodey' Rhodes at his side must forge new alliances – and confront powerful enemies. technology superhero malibu based on comic revenge aftercreditsstinger marvel cinematic universe (mcu) break out Adventure Action Science Fiction
8966 When Bella Swan moves to a small town in the Pacific Northwest she falls in love with Edward Cullen a mysterious classmate who reveals himself to be a 108-year-old vampire. Despite Edward's repeated cautions Bella can't stay away from him a fatal move that endangers her own life. soulmates based on novel or book vampire forbidden love immortality high school teen movie trust desire washington state duringcreditsstinger woman director interspecies romance based on young adult novel supernatural power good versus evil high school romance vampire human love Fantasy Drama Romance
98 In the year 180 the death of emperor Marcus Aurelius throws the Roman Empire into chaos.  Maximus is one of the Roman army's most capable and trusted generals and a key advisor to the emperor.  As Marcus' devious son Commodus ascends to the throne Maximus is set to be executed.  He escapes but is captured by slave traders.  Renamed Spaniard and forced to become a gladiator Maximus must battle to the death with other men for the amusement of paying audiences. epic gladiator rome italy arena senate roman empire parent child relationship emperor slavery ancient rome revenge battlefield slave auction historical fiction ancient world combat chariot philosopher barbarian horde 2nd century successor commodus maximus Action Drama Adventure
447332 A family is forced to live in silence while hiding from creatures that hunt by sound. deaf fireworks pregnancy post apocalyptic future alien life form child in peril creature alien invasion parenting survival horror human vs alien sign languages Horror Drama Science Fiction
166428 As Hiccup fulfills his dream of creating a peaceful dragon utopia Toothless’ discovery of an untamed elusive mate draws the Night Fury away. When danger mounts at home and Hiccup’s reign as village chief is tested both dragon and rider must make impossible decisions to save their kind. flying based on novel or book overpopulation viking sequel dragon love interest based on children's book Animation Family Adventure
4935 Sophie a young milliner is turned into an elderly woman by a witch who enters her shop and curses her. She encounters a wizard named Howl and gets caught up in his resistance to fighting for the king. witch flying rain castle scarecrow body exchange hatter bakery curse steampunk demon anime based on young adult novel Fantasy Animation Adventure
10020 Follow the adventures of Belle a bright young woman who finds herself in the castle of a prince who's been turned into a mysterious beast. With the help of the castle's enchanted staff Belle soon learns the most important lesson of all -- that true beauty comes from within. princess france prince castle rose musical insane asylum beast based on fairy tale eccentric man toxic masculinity Romance Family Animation Fantasy
1734 Rick and Evelyn O’Connell along with their 8-year-old son Alex discover the key to the legendary Scorpion King’s might: the fabled Bracelet of Anubis. Unfortunately a newly resurrected Imhotep has designs on the bracelet as well and isn’t above kidnapping its new bearer Alex to gain control of Anubis’s otherworldly army. egypt pyramid son mummy nile sequel tomb ancient egypt 1930s egyptian tomb good versus evil Adventure Action Fantasy
578701 A young boy finds himself pursued by two assassins in the Montana wilderness with a survival expert determined to protect him and a forest fire threatening to consume them all. assassin based on novel or book older woman younger man relationship neo western wildfire Thriller Action
400155 Dracula Mavis Johnny and the rest of the Drac Pack take a vacation on a luxury Monster Cruise Ship where Dracula falls in love with the ship’s captain Ericka who’s secretly a descendant of Abraham Van Helsing the notorious monster slayer. monster vampire vacation cruise ship summer vacation dracula Animation Comedy Family Fantasy
25769 A deadly virus has spread across the globe. Contagion is everywhere no one is safe and no one can be trusted. Four friends race through the back roads of the American West on their way to a secluded utopian beach in the Gulf of Mexico where they could peacefully wait out the pandemic. Their plans take a grim turn when their car breaks down on an isolated road starting a chain of events that will seal their fates. beach infection survival biohazard disease trust virus pandemic Action Drama Horror Science Fiction Thriller
190859 U.S. Navy SEAL Chris Kyle takes his sole mission—protect his comrades—to heart and becomes one of the most lethal snipers in American history. His pinpoint accuracy not only saves countless lives but also makes him a prime target of insurgents. Despite grave danger and his struggle to be a good husband and father to his family back in the States Kyle serves four tours of duty in Iraq. However when he finally returns home he finds that he cannot leave the war behind. based on novel or book sniper biography iraq u.s. navy seal iraq war u.s. soldier u.s. marine pack guns War Action
9769 Urbane professor Humbert Humbert marries a New England widow to be near her nymphet daughter. jealousy based on novel or book police obsession professor blackmail seduction road trip teacher love murder older man younger woman relationship lust desire illness underage voyeurism flirtation virginity sex with a minor Drama
381284 The untold story of Katherine G. Johnson Dorothy Vaughan and Mary Jackson – brilliant African-American women working at NASA and serving as the brains behind one of the greatest operations in history – the launch of astronaut John Glenn into orbit. The visionary trio crossed all gender and race lines to inspire generations to dream big. nasa sexism biography mathematics racial segregation racism historical fiction scientist space race discrimination 1960s space program african american history Drama History
353081 When an IMF mission ends badly the world is faced with dire consequences. As Ethan Hunt takes it upon himself to fulfill his original briefing the CIA begin to question his loyalty and his motives. The IMF team find themselves in a race against time hunted by assassins while trying to prevent a global catastrophe. paris france london england spy helicopter plutonium norway gun countdown race against time sequel motorcycle bomb remote detonator handgun hand to hand combat kashmir Action Adventure
65754 This English-language adaptation of the Swedish novel by Stieg Larsson follows a disgraced journalist Mikael Blomkvist as he investigates the disappearance of a weary patriarch's niece from 40 years ago. He is aided by the pierced tattooed punk computer hacker named Lisbeth Salander. As they work together in the investigation Blomkvist and Salander uncover immense corruption beyond anything they have ever imagined. journalist island rape hacker based on novel or book nazi journalism investigation punk rock scandinavia stockholm sweden remake antisocial personality disorder disappearance serial killer hacking sadist bible quote dead cat millennium based on movie abuse locked room mystery Thriller Crime Mystery
589754 Peace and tranquility have set in Belogorie. The evil was defeated and Ivan is now enjoying his well-deserved fame. He is surrounded by his family friends and small wonders from the modern world that help him lead a comfortable life. Luckily he has his Magic Sword to cut a gap between the worlds to get some supplies quite regularly. But when an ancient evil rises and the existence of the magic world is put to danger Ivan has to team up with his old friends and his new rivals. They will set out on a long journey beyond the known world to find a way to defeat the enemies and to return peace to Belogorie. children's story the last hero Fantasy Adventure Comedy
412117 Max the terrier must cope with some major life changes when his owner gets married and has a baby. When the family takes a trip to the countryside nervous Max has numerous run-ins with canine-intolerant cows hostile foxes and a scary turkey. Luckily for Max he soon catches a break when he meets Rooster a gruff farm dog who tries to cure the lovable pooch of his neuroses. new york city friendship villain sequel dog talking animal illumination Adventure Animation Comedy Family
862557 The story of Rickey Hill who overcomes his physical disability and repairs his relationship with his father in a quest to become a major league baseball (MLB) player. nan History Drama
464052 A botched store robbery places Wonder Woman in a global battle against a powerful and mysterious ancient force that puts her powers in jeopardy. superhero based on comic 1980s action hero dc extended universe (dceu) Action Adventure Fantasy
370172 Bond has left active service and is enjoying a tranquil life in Jamaica. His peace is short-lived when his old friend Felix Leiter from the CIA turns up asking for help. The mission to rescue a kidnapped scientist turns out to be far more treacherous than expected leading Bond onto the trail of a mysterious villain armed with dangerous new technology. based on novel or book forgiveness poison spy mi6 family british secret service parents global threat nanobots Action Adventure Thriller
961707 A teenage girl lives with her grandmother and worries she will be removed by social services. She sets off to get adopted by someone she admires more than anything one of the most powerful women in the world. nan Drama Comedy
296096 A small town girl is caught between dead-end jobs. A high-profile successful man becomes wheelchair bound following an accident. The man decides his life is not worth living until the girl is hired for six months to be his new caretaker. Worlds apart and trapped together by circumstance the two get off to a rocky start. But the girl becomes determined to prove to the man that life is worth living and as they embark on a series of adventures together each finds their world changing in ways neither of them could begin to imagine. england based on novel or book depression small town wheelchair caretaker caregiver disabled twenty something woman director accident Drama Romance
772450 A man who loses his wife and goes to seclude himself in a cabin in the woods where strange things happen. nan Horror
739986 When the tenacious young sailor Jessica Watson sets out to be the youngest person to sail solo nonstop and unassisted around the world many expect her to fail. With the support of her sailing coach and mentor Ben Bryant and her parents Jessica is determined to accomplish what was thought to be impossible navigating some of the world’s most challenging stretches of ocean over the course of 210 days. sailing trip based on true story Adventure Drama Family
34433 While the Saiyan Paragus persuades Vegeta to rule a new planet King Kai alerts Goku of the South Galaxy's destruction by an unknown Super Saiyan. martial arts superhero based on manga martial artist super villain anime father son relationship Animation Science Fiction Action
913290 In town for a job interview a young woman arrives at her Airbnb late at night only to find that it has been mistakenly double-booked and a strange man is already staying there. Against her better judgement she decides to stay the night anyway. sexual abuse monster basement serial killer duringcreditsstinger airbnb abduction me too plot twist secret room Horror Thriller
82690 Wreck-It Ralph is the 9-foot-tall 643-pound villain of an arcade video game named Fix-It Felix Jr. in which the game's titular hero fixes buildings that Ralph destroys. Wanting to prove he can be a good guy and not just a villain Ralph escapes his game and lands in Hero's Duty a first-person shooter where he helps the game's hero battle against alien invaders. He later enters Sugar Rush a kart racing game set on tracks made of candies cookies and other sweets. There Ralph meets Vanellope von Schweetz who has learned that her game is faced with a dire threat that could affect the entire arcade and one that Ralph may have inadvertently started. support group product placement bullying jail racing arcade medal self esteem curiosity precocious child aftercreditsstinger duringcreditsstinger first person shooter glitch carefree interrupted wedding social reject escape from jail hoverboard purpose of life Family Animation Comedy Adventure
399579 When Alita awakens with no memory of who she is in a future world she does not recognize she is taken in by Ido a compassionate doctor who realizes that somewhere in this abandoned cyborg shell is the heart and soul of a young woman with an extraordinary past. martial arts bounty hunter dystopia extreme sports superhero cyberpunk based on manga female cyborg live action remake floating city gunnm grand cliché straightforward Action Science Fiction Adventure
718789 Legendary Space Ranger Buzz Lightyear embarks on an intergalactic adventure alongside a group of ambitious recruits and his robot companion Sox. space travel alien life form stranded alien planet spin off aftercreditsstinger duringcreditsstinger origin story Animation Action Adventure Family Science Fiction
240 In the continuing saga of the Corleone crime family a young Vito Corleone grows up in Sicily and in 1910s New York. In the 1950s Michael Corleone attempts to expand the family business into Las Vegas Hollywood and Cuba. italian american cuba italy gangster praise symbolism revenge organized crime mafia lawyer suburb corrupt politician complicated Drama Crime
898308 After Darby Harper suffered a near-death experience as a child she gained the ability to see ghosts. To combat the existential boredom of high school she runs a side business counseling local spirits in her spare time. When an unexpected occurrence happens between Darby and Capri the most popular girl at her high school Darby reluctantly agrees to help her and in the process learns how to fit in with the living world again. afterlife high school teenage girl ghost popular girl Comedy Fantasy
614934 The life story of Elvis Presley as seen through the complicated relationship with his enigmatic manager Colonel Tom Parker. rock 'n' roll biography based on true story singer music business 1950s elvis presley music movie Drama Music
214756 Newlywed couple Ted and Tami-Lynn want to have a baby but in order to qualify to be a parent Ted will have to prove he's a person in a court of law. sperm bank sequel buddy courthouse teddy bear aftercreditsstinger toy comes to life Comedy Fantasy
297802 Once home to the most advanced civilization on Earth Atlantis is now an underwater kingdom ruled by the power-hungry King Orm. With a vast army at his disposal Orm plans to conquer the remaining oceanic people and then the surface world. Standing in his way is Arthur Curry Orm's half-human half-Atlantean brother and true heir to the throne. hero atlantis half brother superhero based on comic royalty shark duringcreditsstinger dc extended universe (dceu) Action Adventure Fantasy
615173 A girl wakes up in a huge secret laboratory then accidentally meets another girl who is trying to protect her house from a gang. The mystery girl overthrows the gang with her unexpected powers and laboratory staff set out to find her. supernatural sequel Action Mystery Thriller Science Fiction
890980 Alice Gould a private investigator pretends to be mentally ill in order to enter a psychiatric hospital and gather evidence for the case she is working on: the death of a patient in unclear circumstances. based on novel or book husband wife relationship psychiatric hospital co workers relationship mental illness private detective murder investigation spanish transition Drama Mystery Thriller
857 As U.S. troops storm the beaches of Normandy three brothers lie dead on the battlefield with a fourth trapped behind enemy lines. Ranger captain John Miller and seven men are tasked with penetrating German-held territory and bringing the boy home. war crimes self sacrifice war veteran world war ii war ship airplane bravery normandy france parachute troops waffen ss omaha beach army epic cowardice d day based on true story rescue mission war memorial deserted town soldier death military military operation 1940s Drama History War
830788 After the death of her mother Evie is approached by an unknown cousin who invites her to a lavish wedding in the English countryside. Soon she realizes a gothic conspiracy is afoot and must fight for survival as she uncovers twisted secrets in her family’s history. suicide vampire marriage mansion english countryside caterer drinking blood ceramics dracula Horror Thriller
72190 Life for former United Nations investigator Gerry Lane and his family seems content. Suddenly the world is plagued by a mysterious infection turning whole human populations into rampaging mindless zombies. After barely escaping the chaos Lane is persuaded to go on a mission to investigate this disease. What follows is a perilous trek around the world where Lane must brave horrific dangers and long odds to find answers before human civilization falls. philadelphia pennsylvania new jersey based on novel or book jerusalem israel dystopia apocalypse zombie epidemic nuclear weapons multiple perspectives zombie apocalypse virus Action Drama Horror Science Fiction Thriller
12429 When Sosuke a young boy who lives on a clifftop overlooking the sea rescues a stranded goldfish named Ponyo he discovers more than he bargained for. Ponyo is a curious energetic young creature who yearns to be human but even as she causes chaos around the house her father a powerful sorcerer schemes to return Ponyo to the sea. princess fish cliff mermaid anime Animation Fantasy Family
507903 Journalist Michael Ausiello embarks on a rollercoaster ride of emotions when Kit Cowan his partner of 14 years is diagnosed with terminal cancer. journalist terminal illness based on true story cancer lgbt gay gay relationship Comedy Drama Romance
634528 Jim Hanson’s quiet life is suddenly disturbed by two people crossing the US/Mexico border – a woman and her young son – desperate to flee a Mexican cartel. After a shootout leaves the mother dead Jim becomes the boy’s reluctant defender. He embraces his role as Miguel’s protector and will stop at nothing to get him to safety as they go on the run from the relentless assassins. mexico assassin war veteran usa–mexico border murder drug cartel farmer dead dog road movie Action Drama
747188 In an American desert town circa 1955 the itinerary of a Junior Stargazer/Space Cadet convention is spectacularly disrupted by world-changing events. asteroid grandfather war photographer quarantine grief space alien diner family widower death of mother astronomy death of daughter existentialism parent in law child in law relationship death of wife 1950s convention stargazing desert town Comedy Drama
531219 In late 1967 a young orphaned boy goes to live with his loving grandma in the rural Alabama town of Demopolis. As the boy and his grandmother encounter some deceptively glamorous but thoroughly diabolical witches she wisely whisks him away to a seaside resort. Regrettably they arrive at precisely the same time that the world's Grand High Witch has gathered. hotel witch based on novel or book mouse transformation orphan based on children's book talking animals witches Adventure Fantasy Comedy Family Horror
492999 Eren Yeager and others of the 104th Training Corps have just begun to become full members of the Survey Corps. As they ready themselves to face the Titans once again their preparations are interrupted by the invasion of Wall Rose—but all is not as it seems as more mysteries are unraveled. As the Survey Corps races to save the wall they uncover more about the invading Titans and the dark secrets of their own members. giant edited from tv series anime Animation Action Adventure Fantasy
57158 The Dwarves Bilbo and Gandalf have successfully escaped the Misty Mountains and Bilbo has gained the One Ring. They all continue their journey to get their gold back from the Dragon Smaug. gold lake based on novel or book orcs elves dwarf mountain giant spider sequel bear dragon turns into animal barrel fantasy world wizard journey ring invisibility captured live action and animation high fantasy sword and sorcery trekking good versus evil creatures dwarves epic quest trolls hobbit shapeshifter Fantasy Adventure Action
802219 Jamaican singer-songwriter Bob Marley overcomes adversity to become the most famous reggae musician in the world. biography Music Drama
166426 Thrust into an all-new adventure a down-on-his-luck Capt. Jack Sparrow feels the winds of ill-fortune blowing even more strongly when deadly ghost sailors led by his old nemesis the evil Capt. Salazar escape from the Devil's Triangle. Jack's only hope of survival lies in seeking out the legendary Trident of Poseidon but to find it he must forge an uneasy alliance with a brilliant and beautiful astronomer and a headstrong young man in the British navy. sea ship sequel artifact treasure map pirate period drama monkey swashbuckler ghost caribbean sea trident cướp biển hải tặc Adventure Action Fantasy
7347 In 1997 before the visit of the pope to Rio de Janeiro Captain Nascimento from BOPE (Special Police Operations Battalion) is assigned to eliminate the risks of the drug dealers in a dangerous slum nearby where the pope intends to be lodged. slum police brutality war on drugs rio de janeiro drug trafficking drug dealer torturing police special forces law enforcement brazilian cinema Drama Action Crime
454286 Pastor Dave  responds to the unimaginable tragedy of having his church located on the grounds of the local university burned down. church aftercreditsstinger Drama
272 Driven by tragedy billionaire Bruce Wayne dedicates his life to uncovering and defeating the corruption that plagues his home Gotham City.  Unable to work within the system he instead creates a new identity a symbol of fear for the criminal underworld - The Batman. martial arts undercover loss of loved one secret identity crime fighter superhero based on comic rivalry ninja vigilante tragic hero super power haunted by the past evil doctor master villain unfulfilled love inspirational Action Crime Drama
785976 Against the backdrop of a turbulent era in Brazil this documentary captures Pelé's extraordinary path from breakthrough talent to national hero. Mixing rare archival footage and exclusive interviews this documentary celebrates the legendary Brazilian footballer who personified football as art. world cup football (soccer) sports documentary Documentary
263115 In the near future a weary Logan cares for an ailing Professor X in a hideout on the Mexican border. But Logan's attempts to hide from the world and his legacy are upended when a young mutant arrives pursued by dark forces. future experiment immortality self destruction cyborg dystopia superhero mutant road trip based on comic sequel super power neo western troubled past aggressive aging superhero life on the margin intense antagonistic dignified Action Drama Science Fiction
694 Jack Torrance accepts a caretaker job at the Overlook Hotel where he along with his wife Wendy and their son Danny must live isolated from the rest of the world for the winter. But they aren't prepared for the madness that lurks within. hotel child abuse based on novel or book isolation telepathy delusion grave snowstorm colorado seclusion surrealism alcoholism premonition psychic power caretaker loneliness vision domestic violence postmodern psychological thriller writer twins labyrinth alcoholic blizzard mutilation bloody body of child extrasensory perception uxoricide motherhood filicide snowed in burial ground hypothermia haunted hotel psychological disintegration detached paranoid vexed afi frantic pediatrician repetition mother son relationship malicious supernatural power supernatural horror ghost child psychotronic film writers block cabin fever psychological horror negative deal with the devil nuclear family avant garde yosemite national park egotistical twin sisters identical twins arrogant assertive demeaning enraged frustrated harsh mean spirited sardonic Horror Thriller
620705 After the death of his father a boy growing up on a lunar mining colony takes a trip to explore a legendary crater along with his four best friends prior to being permanently relocated to another planet. road trip coming of age group of friends moon colony near future Science Fiction Action Adventure Family
406759 A mysterious force knocks the moon from its orbit around Earth and sends it hurtling on a collision course with life as we know it. moon flooding space travel lost civilisation looting alien life form stepfather disaster alternate history apocalypse armageddon astronaut space shuttle disaster movie trapped in space conspiracy theorist Science Fiction Adventure Action
728754 He and her beloved Shizuka are finally married! Nobita's childhood dream was supposed to come true on his wedding day but for some reason Nobita doesn't show up... One of the most popular episodes from the original story transcends time and space and leads to Nobita's future. Doraemon and Nobita's great adventure begins in order to fulfill his grandmother's wish to see his bride at first sight. This is a story of tears and bonds set in the past present and future. doraemon Animation Family Science Fiction
340382 Eren Yeager leaves to restore a break in the wall destroyed by a Titan. He comes under attack by the Titans and is cornered. Shikishima comes to his aid. The titans never stops attacking.  Eren is now injured and tries to protect Armin but is swallowed by a titan. A Titan with black hair appears and begins to expel the other titans. based on manga live action anime Horror Science Fiction Action Fantasy
61979 Story of two young people who belong to different worlds. It is the chronicle of a love improbable almost impossible but inevitable dragging in a frantic journey they discover the first great love. Babi is a girl from upper-middle class that is educated in goodness and innocence . Hache is a rebellious boy impulsive unconscious has a appetite for risk and danger embodied in endless fights and illegal motorbike races the limit of common sense rebel based on novel or book forbidden love friendship motorcycle crash motor sport street race love best friend motorcycle teenage love first love young love illegal grand prix race teen rebel based on young adult novel Romance Drama
38757 When the kingdom's most wanted-and most charming-bandit Flynn Rider hides out in a mysterious tower he's taken hostage by Rapunzel a beautiful and feisty tower-bound teen with 70 feet of magical golden hair. Flynn's curious captor who's looking for her ticket out of the tower where she's been locked away for years strikes a deal with the handsome thief and the unlikely duo sets off on an action-packed escapade complete with a super-cop horse an over-protective chameleon and a gruff gang of pub thugs. hostage magic horse fairy tale musical blonde princess tower selfishness healing power adventurer based on fairy tale duringcreditsstinger healing gift animal sidekick magic land Animation Family
38 Joel Barish heartbroken that his girlfriend underwent a procedure to erase him from her memory decides to do the same. However as he watches his memories of her fade away he realises that he still loves her and may be too late to correct his mistake. new york city regret jealousy deja vu amnesia dream operation relationship problems love memory brainwashing relationship heartbreak nonlinear timeline 2000s sentimental appreciative Science Fiction Drama Romance
13186 Retired military commander Colonel Dale Murphy hosts the simulated post-apocalyptic reality show where participants are challenged to survive a remote West Virginia wasteland. But the show turns into a nightmarish showdown when each realizes they are being hunted by an inbred family of cannibals determined to make them all dinner! competition dynamite forest horror west virginia sequel woods road accident slasher cannibal incest survival horror ex soldier voyeur genetic mutation tv producer Horror Thriller
536628 When a young Scientist becomes entangled in a military mission to deliver the only antidote that will save mankind she finds herself not only fighting for survival but also being confronted by demons from her past. fan film short film Action Science Fiction
791373 Determined to ensure Superman's ultimate sacrifice was not in vain Bruce Wayne aligns forces with Diana Prince with plans to recruit a team of metahumans to protect the world from an approaching threat of catastrophic proportions. saving the world superhero resurrection based on comic superhero team planet invasion action hero dc extended universe (dceu) superhero teamup director's cut Action Adventure Fantasy
367401 The rich Gloria resident for years in the United States returns to live in her native country in Sicily where she is welcomed by her sister-in-law widow Antonia and her son Saro. The beautiful Gloria does not fail to arouse particular interest in the inhabitants of the place especially in a building speculator the engineer De Vita who intends at all costs to get hold Gloria's land. She will be able to seduce the man and then allow herself to the sister-in-law and the nephew before leaving for the USA. nan Comedy
474350 27 years after overcoming the malevolent supernatural entity Pennywise the former members of the Losers' Club who have grown up and moved away from Derry are brought back together by a devastating phone call. clown carnival sequel remake maine creature fear ancient evil loss of a friend 2016 Horror Fantasy
254128 In the aftermath of a massive earthquake in California a rescue-chopper pilot makes a dangerous journey across the state in order to rescue his estranged daughter. california earthquake tidal wave catastrophe disaster movie san andreas california helicopter crash rescue operation Action Drama Thriller
85 When Dr. Indiana Jones – the tweed-suited professor who just happens to be a celebrated archaeologist – is hired by the government to locate the legendary Ark of the Covenant he finds himself up against the entire Nazi regime. egypt treasure medallion swastika saving the world nepal himalaya mountain range cairo moses hat whip leather jacket mediterranean ark of the covenant ten commandments nazi excavation riddle treasure hunt archaeologist adventurer archeology religious history 1930s excited Adventure Action
848538 When the plots of reclusive author Elly Conway's fictional espionage novels begin to mirror the covert actions of a real-life spy organization quiet evenings at home become a thing of the past. Accompanied by her cat Alfie and Aiden a cat-allergic spy Elly races across the world to stay one step ahead of the killers as the line between Conway's fictional world and her real one begins to blur. cat spy secret agent writer's block author novelist aftercreditsstinger secrets spy universe Action Adventure Comedy
769 The true story of Henry Hill a half-Irish half-Sicilian Brooklyn kid who is adopted by neighbourhood gangsters at an early age and climbs the ranks of a Mafia family under the guidance of Jimmy Conway. prison florida new york city based on novel or book gangster mass murder drug trafficking 1970s irish american gore biography based on true story murder organized crime mafia brooklyn new york city crime epic tampa florida Drama Crime
898278 A comedy during confinement? Probably so. A portrait of a little girl and her family during confinement? Apparently so. An absurd Beckettian musical shot during confinement? Exactly yes. moon dance quarantine family pandemic covid 19 coronavirus Comedy Drama
762504 Residents in a lonely gulch of inland California bear witness to an uncanny chilling discovery. horse exploitation video surveillance ufo alien death of father social commentary psychological thriller los angeles california alien invasion child star chimpanzee aftercreditsstinger horse farm african american man racial issues brother sister relationship shot on film jordan peele Horror Mystery Science Fiction Thriller
522938 After fighting his demons for decades John Rambo now lives in peace on his family ranch in Arizona but his rest is interrupted when Gabriela the granddaughter of his housekeeper María disappears after crossing the border into Mexico to meet her biological father. Rambo who has become a true father figure for Gabriela over the years undertakes a desperate and dangerous journey to find her. post traumatic stress disorder arizona human trafficking sequel father figure last stand horse ranch mexican american border revenge plot mexican cartel Action Thriller Drama
198184 Every child comes into the world full of promise and none more so than Chappie: he is gifted special a prodigy. Like any child Chappie will come under the influence of his surroundings—some good some bad—and he will rely on his heart and soul to find his way in the world and become his own man. But there's one thing that makes Chappie different from any one else: he is a robot. artificial intelligence android future johannesburg south africa dystopia robot robot cop Crime Action Science Fiction
762975 An aspiring musician agrees to a marriage of convenience with a soon-to-deploy Marine but a tragedy soon turns their fake relationship all too real. military life Romance Drama
251 Even though Sam Wheat the successful investment counsellor still finds it difficult to express his deeper feelings for her after all these years his young potter girlfriend Molly Jensen is the love of his life. However a curious case of a systematic discrepancy will prepare the ground for a hideous urban homicide in one of Manhattan's dark alleys trapping seemingly forever the unfortunate deceased's immortal soul in the realm of the mortals. With the condemned spirit unable to interact with the physical world--and as Molly's life too is in grave danger--Sam will have to turn to the spiritual medium Oda Mae Brown to warn and protect her. Can Oda and the ghost settle the unfinished business in time? fortune teller corruption afterlife money transfer money laundering pottery hell heaven murder death ghost spiritism oscar nominated oscar's best picture nominee Fantasy Drama Thriller Mystery Romance
130925 When Rex finds himself left behind in the bathroom he puts his limbs to use by getting a bath going for a bunch of new toy friends. tyrannosaurus rex bath tub strobe light bubble rubber duck house music short film Family Animation Comedy
126889 Bound for a remote planet on the far side of the galaxy the crew of the colony ship 'Covenant' discovers what is thought to be an uncharted paradise but is actually a dark dangerous world—which has a sole inhabitant: the 'synthetic' David survivor of the doomed Prometheus expedition. android spacecraft experiment space travel infection engineer alien life form sequel alien space creature robot scientist genocide creation acid xenomorph alien technology genetic mutation Science Fiction Horror Mystery
830784 When the Primm family moves to New York City their young son Josh struggles to adapt to his new school and new friends. All of that changes when he discovers Lyle — a singing crocodile who loves baths caviar and great music — living in the attic of his new home. But when Lyle’s existence is threatened by evil neighbor Mr. Grumps the Primms must band together to show the world that family can come from the most unexpected places. crocodile musical based on children's book outsider live action and animation talking animal Comedy Family Music
497698 Natasha Romanoff also known as Black Widow confronts the darker parts of her ledger when a dangerous conspiracy with ties to her past arises. Pursued by a force that will stop at nothing to bring her down Natasha must deal with her history as a spy and the broken relationships left in her wake long before she became an Avenger. spy assassin hero kgb based on comic female assassin female spy female hero aftercreditsstinger marvel cinematic universe (mcu) woman director Action Adventure Science Fiction
9902 Chris crashes into a carload of other young people and the group of stranded motorists is soon lost in the woods of West Virginia where they're hunted by three cannibalistic mountain men who are grossly disfigured by generations of inbreeding. life and death loss of loved one mountain job interview forest horror west virginia slasher hillbilly cannibal car wreck survival horror voyeur inbreed road Horror Thriller
886912 Ernesto is unappreciated by those around him but all of that will change when three peculiar new friends appear on the scene. They will do anything to help him get his self-esteem back even if it leads him to prison... or an early grave. nan Comedy Crime
103 A mentally unstable Vietnam War veteran works as a night-time taxi driver in New York City where the perceived decadence and sleaze feed his urge for violent action. drug dealer vietnam veteran new york city taxi pornography obsession taxi driver pimp firearm politician alienation junk food misanthrophy vigilante illegal prostitution character study loner manhattan new york city neo noir child prostitution new hollywood drives Crime Drama
49530 In the not-too-distant future the aging gene has been switched off. To avoid overpopulation time has become the currency and the way people pay for luxuries and necessities. The rich can live forever while the rest try to negotiate for their immortality. A poor young man who comes into a fortune of time though too late to help his mother from dying. He ends up on the run from a corrupt police force known as 'time keepers'. bank future time dystopia race against time immortality love thriller on the run class differences cops and robbers rich vs poor in time Action Thriller Science Fiction
122 Aragorn is revealed as the heir to the ancient kings as he Gandalf and the other members of the broken fellowship struggle to save Gondor from Sauron's forces. Meanwhile Frodo and Sam take the ring closer to the heart of Mordor the dark lord's realm. elves dwarf orcs based on novel or book suspicion volcano bravery addiction honor royalty troll brutality ghost wizard quest live action and animation sword and sorcery Adventure Fantasy Action
795514 In the wake of a school tragedy Vada Mia and Quinton form a unique and dynamic bond as they navigate the never linear often confusing journey to heal in a world that feels forever changed. trauma high school school shooting woman director Drama
161 Less than 24 hours into his parole charismatic thief Danny Ocean is already rolling out his next plan: In one night Danny's hand-picked crew of specialists will attempt to steal more than $150 million from three Las Vegas casinos. But to score the cash Danny risks his chances of reconciling with ex-wife Tess. prison casino pickpocket strip club heist con artist thief caper atlantic city salt lake city utah las vegas card dealer explosives expert exhilarated Thriller Crime
454626 Powered with incredible speed Sonic The Hedgehog embraces his new home on Earth. That is until Sonic sparks the attention of super-uncool evil genius Dr. Robotnik. Now it’s super-villain vs. super-sonic in an all-out race across the globe to stop Robotnik from using Sonic’s unique power for world domination. video game san francisco california friendship road trip cop based on video game duringcreditsstinger bar fight hedgehog live action and animation live action remake flossing Action Science Fiction Comedy Family
413518 In this live-action adaptation of the beloved fairytale old woodcarver Geppetto fashions a wooden puppet Pinocchio who magically comes to life. Pinocchio longs for adventure and is easily led astray encountering magical beasts fantastical spectacles while making friends and foes along his journey. However his dream is to become a real boy which can only come true if he finally changes his ways. based on novel or book based on children's book pinocchio Drama Family Fantasy
330457 Elsa Anna Kristoff and Olaf head far into the forest to learn the truth about an ancient mystery of their kingdom. princess magic kingdom winter queen castle musical sequel dam spirit frozen personification mother daughter relationship Family Animation Adventure Comedy Fantasy
351286 Three years after Jurassic World was destroyed Isla Nublar now sits abandoned. When the island's dormant volcano begins roaring to life Owen and Claire mount a campaign to rescue the remaining dinosaurs from this extinction-level event. tyrannosaurus rex volcano rescue mission sequel wild animal prehistoric creature dinosaur genetic engineering aftercreditsstinger monster island Action Adventure Science Fiction Thriller
372058 High schoolers Mitsuha and Taki are complete strangers living separate lives. But one night they suddenly switch places. Mitsuha wakes up in Taki’s body and he in hers. This bizarre occurrence continues to happen randomly and the two must adjust their lives around each other. race against time afterlife natural disaster supernatural affectation time travel comet romance tragedy school body swap nonlinear timeline star crossed lovers anime dreams compassionate Animation Romance Drama
176 Two men wake up to find themselves shackled in a grimy abandoned bathroom. As they struggle to comprehend their predicament they discover a disturbing tape left behind by the sadistic mastermind known as Jigsaw. With a chilling voice and cryptic instructions Jigsaw informs them that they must partake in a gruesome game in order to secure their freedom. sadism shotgun detective flashback hospital doctor torture sadist survival horror chained bludgeoning death match booby trap mind game hostile aggressive extreme violence death game 恐佈 血腥 解謎 逃脫 Horror Mystery Crime
346364 In a small town in Maine seven children known as The Losers Club come face to face with life problems bullies and a monster that takes the shape of a clown called Pennywise. based on novel or book small town clown bullying abandoned house murder flashback balloon maine school creature fear summer killer missing person death of brother well child demonic town history Horror Fantasy
335797 A koala named Buster recruits his best friend to help him drum up business for his theater by hosting a singing competition. anthropomorphism singing singing competition Animation Comedy Family Music
779112 At last it's Wembley! The milestone concert of 2 hours and 30 minutes that filled the immense stadium returns to ARMY all around the world! nan Music
46529 A teenage fugitive with an incredible secret races to stay one step ahead of the mysterious forces seeking destroy him in this sci-fi action thriller. With three dead and one on the run the race to find the elusive Number Four begins. Outwardly normal teen John Smith never gets too comfortable in the same identity and along with his guardian Henri he is constantly moving from town to town. With each passing day John gains a stronger grasp on his extraordinary new powers and his bond to the beings that share his fantastic fate grows stronger. based on novel or book secret identity alien heroism teenage boy super power teenage hero interspecies romance based on young adult novel teenager Action Thriller Science Fiction Adventure
333371 After getting in a car accident a woman is held in a shelter with two men who claim the outside world is affected by a widespread chemical attack. kidnapping paranoia bunker basement survivalist apocalypse car accident captive Thriller Science Fiction Drama Horror
207703 The story of a super-secret spy organization that recruits an unrefined but promising street kid into the agency's ultra-competitive training program just as a global threat emerges from a twisted tech genius. spy great britain secret organization secret agent based on comic united kingdom duringcreditsstinger Crime Comedy Action Adventure
9358 When Kimberly has a violent premonition of a highway pileup she blocks the freeway keeping a few others meant to die safe...Or are they? The survivors mysteriously start dying and it's up to Kimberly to stop it before she's next. ambulance premonition hospital Horror Mystery
522518 A dog finds the meaning of his own existence through the lives of the humans he meets. reincarnation sequel growing up dog animal shelter pets purpose of life Family Adventure Drama
345938 After suffering a family tragedy Mack Phillips spirals into a deep depression causing him to question his innermost beliefs. Facing a crisis of faith he receives a mysterious letter urging him to an abandoned shack deep in the Oregon wilderness. Despite his doubts Mack journeys to the shack and encounters an enigmatic trio of strangers led by a woman named Papa. Through this meeting Mack finds important truths that will transform his understanding of his tragedy and change his life forever. loss of loved one based on novel or book guilt death of daughter family trip christian film christian Drama Fantasy
1880 It is the dawn of World War III. In mid-western America a group of teenagers band together to defend their town—and their country—from invading Soviet forces. guerrilla warfare future fight colorado invasion anti communism fighting school shooting red army town Action Thriller War Drama
339403 After being coerced into working for a crime boss a young getaway driver finds himself taking part in a heist doomed to fail. robbery waitress atlanta crime boss romance heist getaway car on the run shootout bank robbery getaway driver sign languages armed robbery aggressive hearing impaired suspenseful intense joyful Action Crime
12153 Two FBI agent brothers Marcus and Kevin Copeland accidentally foil a drug bust. To avoid being fired they accept a mission escorting a pair of socialites to the Hamptons--but when the girls are disfigured in a car accident they refuse to go. Left without options Marcus and Kevin decide to pose as the sisters transforming themselves from black men into rich white women. undercover fbi fish out of water cross dressing car accident high society buddy cop Comedy Crime
271110 Following the events of Age of Ultron the collective governments of the world pass an act designed to regulate all superhuman activity. This polarizes opinion amongst the Avengers causing two factions to side with Iron Man or Captain America which causes an epic battle between former allies. civil war sequel superhero based on comic aftercreditsstinger duringcreditsstinger marvel cinematic universe (mcu) united states Adventure Action Science Fiction
564 Dashing legionnaire Rick O'Connell stumbles upon the hidden ruins of Hamunaptra while in the midst of a battle to claim the area in 1920s Egypt. It has been over three thousand years since former High Priest Imhotep suffered a fate worse than death as a punishment for a forbidden love—along with a curse that guarantees eternal doom upon the world if he is ever awoken. egypt cairo library secret passage pastor pyramid sandstorm solar eclipse mummy foreign legion nile secret society treasure hunt remake archaeologist tomb book of the dead ancient egypt opposites attract 1920s pharoah good versus evil Adventure Action Fantasy
676845 Sofia an insecure young woman begins babysitting two troublesome siblings that turn her job into a complete living hell. That is until a devilish presence starts messing with the trio and they must band together to fight the demon away. maid ghost hide and seek Horror
646385 Twenty-five years after a streak of brutal murders shocked the quiet town of Woodsboro a new killer has donned the Ghostface mask and begins targeting a group of teenagers to resurrect secrets from the town’s deadly past. mask attempted murder hallucination murder teen movie serial killer hospital slasher whodunit killing spree hometown reboot crime spree illegitimate child murder mystery legacy fandom copycat killer generation z murder spree sister sister relationship retired cop return to hometown reddit requel Horror Mystery Thriller
"27205 Cobb a skilled thief who commits corporate espionage by infiltrating the subconscious of his targets is offered a chance to regain his old life as payment for a task considered to be impossible: ""inception"" the implantation of another person's idea into a target's subconscious. paris france spy philosophy allegory dream kidnapping manipulation airplane virtual reality car crash heist rescue mission memory architecture los angeles california dream world subconscious Action Science Fiction Adventure"
18 In 2257 a taxi driver is unintentionally given the task of saving a young girl who is part of the key that will ensure the survival of humanity. new york city flying car taxi egypt race against time saving the world cyborg dystopia anti hero stowaway space travel arms dealer alien life form end of the world priest shootout police chase cab driver cyberpunk archaeologist space opera military opera singer futuristic city ancient evil cruise liner elemental hieroglyphics spaceship good versus evil alien robot Adventure Fantasy Action Thriller Science Fiction
270946 Skipper Kowalski Rico and Private join forces with undercover organization The North Wind to stop the villainous Dr. Octavius Brine from destroying the world as we know it. rescue wolf spy zoo penguin cartoon madagascar anthropomorphism revenge spin off animal talking animal Family Animation Adventure Comedy
400160 When his best friend Gary is suddenly snatched away SpongeBob takes Patrick on a madcap mission far beyond Bikini Bottom to save their pink-shelled pal. part live action based on tv series Family Animation Fantasy Adventure Comedy
38700 Marcus and Mike are forced to confront new threats career changes and midlife crises as they join the newly created elite team AMMO of the Miami police department to take down the ruthless Armando Armas the vicious leader of a Miami drug cartel. detective police sequel police officer police detective buddy cop buddy comedy buddy film action hero Thriller Action Crime
38365 After their high school basketball coach passes away five good friends and former teammates reunite for a Fourth of July holiday weekend. overweight friendship swing foot friends convertible arrow buddy comedy buddies Comedy
7555 When governments fail to act on behalf of captive missionaries ex-Green Beret John James Rambo sets aside his peaceful existence along the Salween River in a war-torn region of Thailand to take action.  Although he's still haunted by violent memories of his time as a U.S. soldier during the Vietnam War Rambo can hardly turn his back on the aid workers who so desperately need his help. missionary river boat pastor snake fight border mercenary thailand burma sequel Action Thriller
"937287 Tennis player turned coach Tashi has taken her husband Art and transformed him into a world-famous Grand Slam champion. To jolt him out of his recent losing streak she signs him up for a ""Challenger"" event — close to the lowest level of pro tournament — where he finds himself standing across the net from his former best friend and Tashi's former boyfriend. infidelity husband wife relationship love triangle sports tennis competition eroticism atlanta tennis player male friendship rivalry interracial marriage tennis court ex boyfriend ex girlfriend relationship knee injury new rochelle new york prodigy tennis pro 2000s codependency 2010s female coach psychosexual sports drama power dynamics tense romantic Romance Drama"
848791 Two strangers strike up a conversation on a long journey. One is a suspect in an unsolved missing person’s case and the other an undercover operative on his trail. Their uneasy friendship becomes the core of this tightly wrought thriller which is based on the true story of one of the largest investigations and undercover operations in Australia. paranoia investigation australia friendship based on true story criminal sting operation cold case undercover detective unsolved murder Crime Drama Mystery Thriller
106 A team of elite commandos on a secret mission in a Central American jungle come to find themselves hunted by an extraterrestrial warrior. guerrilla warfare central and south america predator trap alien survival stalking creature alien invasion invisible commando violence Science Fiction Action Adventure Thriller
497 A supernatural tale set on death row in a Southern prison where gentle giant John Coffey possesses the mysterious power to heal people's ailments. When the cell block's head guard Paul Edgecomb recognizes Coffey's miraculous gift he tries desperately to help stave off the condemned man's execution. southern usa mentally disabled based on novel or book death row jail guard great depression supernatural psychopath horror prison guard jail thriller electric chair torture magic realism healing 1930s abuse of power Fantasy Drama Crime
652574 Sin-wook and Dong-soo have been friends since they were kids. Sin-wook and his wife swap partners with Dong-soo and his wife. They start playing Strip Go Stop and the game gets serious. The four of them have sex but they end up falling for each others' wives and husbands and even meet in secret. One day when their sex life reaches its peak Sin-wook's wife Yeon-hee gets pregnant not knowing whose baby it is. Her relationship with Sin-wook is on thin ice and then the baby is born. They do a DNA test to find out who the father is. swinger softcore Romance
778552 The story of the two unnamed men who were crucified alongside Jesus and how they came to be beside him on the cross that fateful day. Dismas and his brother Jotham along with Gestas another young man who will share their fate suffer tragedy and injustice at the hands of a band of thieves and a ruthless Roman centurion. Theirs is a story of survival against the odds but they cannot outrun their destiny. christian film Drama
842675 Humans built huge engines on the surface of the earth to find a new home. But the road to the universe is perilous. In order to save earth young people once again have to step forward to start a race against time for life and death. space travel space station earth in peril global threat giant engine global government Science Fiction Action Drama
1374 Rocky Balboa proudly holds the world heavyweight boxing championship but a new challenger has stepped forward: Drago a six-foot-four 261-pound fighter who has the backing of the Soviet Union. transporter loss of loved one cold war soviet union boxer kgb dying and death loss of powers training matter of life and death friendship victory sports revenge siberia christmas boxing Drama
127585 The ultimate X-Men ensemble fights a war for the survival of the species across two time periods as they join forces with their younger selves in an epic battle that must change the past – to save our future. 1970s mutant time travel based on comic superhuman storm political intrigue extinction beast claws aftercreditsstinger duringcreditsstinger changing the past or future Action Adventure Science Fiction
39108 The Z Warriors discover an unopenable music box and are told to open it with the Dragon Balls. The contents turn out to be a warrior named Tapion who had sealed himself inside along with a monster called Hildegarn. Goku must now perfect a new technique to defeat the evil monster. martial arts based on manga martial artist anime Animation Action Science Fiction
18240 When she learns she's in danger of losing her visa status and being deported overbearing book editor Margaret Tate forces her put-upon assistant Andrew Paxton to marry her. fictitious marriage deportation immigration law romantic comedy alaska co workers relationship humiliation book editor fake boyfriend duringcreditsstinger woman director pretend relationship Comedy Romance Drama
696157 The joyous emotional heartbreaking celebration of the life and music of Whitney Houston the greatest female R&B pop vocalist of all time. Tracking her journey from obscurity to musical superstardom. drug addiction musician biography rhythm and blues singer pop music lgbt spousal abuse soul music Music History Drama
259316 In 1926 Newt Scamander arrives at the Magical Congress of the United States of America with a magically expanded briefcase which houses a number of dangerous creatures and their habitats. When the creatures escape from the briefcase it sends the American wizarding authorities after Newt and threatens to strain even further the state of magical and non-magical relations. witch new york city robbery escape teleportation magic suitcase mistake spin off subway station central park wizard goblin magical creature 1920s based on young adult novel wizarding world Fantasy Adventure
481848 Buck is a big-hearted dog whose blissful domestic life is turned upside down when he is suddenly uprooted from his California home and transplanted to the exotic wilds of the Yukon during the Gold Rush of the 1890s. As the newest rookie on a mail delivery dog sled team—and later its leader—Buck experiences the adventure of a lifetime ultimately finding his true place in the world and becoming his own master. based on novel or book gold rush dog sled dogs yukon 19th century pets Adventure Family Drama
32657 Accident prone teenager Percy discovers he's actually a demi-God the son of Poseidon and he is needed when Zeus' lightning is stolen. Percy must master his new found skills in order to prevent a war between the Gods that could devastate the entire world. based on novel or book monster greek mythology dyslexia god poseidon lightning bolt fantasy world demigod based on young adult novel Adventure Fantasy Family
929170 Honor is an ambitious high school senior whose sole focus is getting into Harvard assuming she can first score the coveted recommendation from her guidance counselor Mr. Calvin. Willing to do whatever it takes Honor concocts a Machiavellian-like plan to take down her top three student competitors until things take a turn when she unexpectedly falls for her biggest competition Michael. high school breaking the fourth wall overachiever Comedy
70981 A team of explorers discover a clue to the origins of mankind on Earth leading them on a journey to the darkest corners of the universe. There they must fight a terrifying battle to save the future of the human race. android alien space creature spin off creation emergency surgery stasis archeological dig god complex cave drawing prometheus genetic mutation origins of life 2090s Science Fiction Adventure Mystery
522402 On a post-apocalyptic Earth a robot built to protect the life of his dying creator's beloved dog learns about life love friendship and what it means to be human. robot journey humanity post apocalyptic Science Fiction Drama Adventure
24021 Bella once again finds herself surrounded by danger as Seattle is ravaged by a string of mysterious killings and a malicious vampire continues her quest for revenge. In the midst of it all she is forced to choose between her love for Edward and her friendship with Jacob knowing that her decision has the potential to ignite the ageless struggle between vampire and werewolf. With her graduation quickly approaching Bella is confronted with the most important decision of her life. based on novel or book vampire graduation bite immortality teen movie werewolf based on young adult novel supernatural power vampire human love Adventure Fantasy Drama Romance
298312 A brother and sister are sent to their grandparents' remote Pennsylvania farm for a week where they discover that the elderly couple is involved in something deeply disturbing. sibling relationship rap music pennsylvania usa farm grandparents murder single mother oven found footage hide and seek diaper Mystery Thriller Horror
951368 Over the objection of his girlfriend Ben agrees to take a job as the “live in” man servant to a wealthy businesswoman Amanda but quickly realizes he has made a deal with the devil and has put himself and his girlfriend in mortal jeopardy nan Thriller TV Movie Action
38234 Russian inmate Boyka now severely hobbled by the knee injury suffered at the end of Undisputed 2. No longer the feared prison fighter he was he has declined so far that he is now good only for cleaning toilets. But when a new prison fight tournament begins - an international affair matching the best fighters from prisons around the globe enticing them with the promise of freedom for the winner - Boyka must reclaim his dignity and fight for his position in the tournament. prison showdown shotgun fight prison cell champion fighter blood splatter beating jail tournament brutality jail cell prison fight carrot Action Thriller
791348 John Constantine wakes up in the eerie House of Mystery with no recollection of how he got there. Fortunately Zatanna and his friends are all there. Unfortunately they have a bad habit of turning into demons and ripping him to shreds over and over again! interactive short film Animation Action Adventure Horror
721656 Scooby-Doo and the gang team up with their pals Bill Nye The Science Guy and Elvira Mistress of the Dark to solve this mystery of gigantic proportions and save Crystal Cove! halloween friendship friends mystery family Family Animation Mystery Comedy
17979 Miser Ebenezer Scrooge is awakened on Christmas Eve by spirits who reveal to him his own miserable existence what opportunities he wasted in his youth his current cruelties and the dire fate that awaits him if he does not change his ways. Scrooge is faced with his own story of growing bitterness and meanness and must decide what his own future will hold: death or redemption. london england based on novel or book holiday greed victorian england money ghost lesson christmas music moneylender christmas 19th century scrooge christmas eve Animation Family Fantasy
938008 When retired hitman’s wife goes on vacation with her friend she asks him to look after the friend's teenage daughter. Things go awry when he is forced to use a little violence to protect the girl from juvenile delinquents but then they are found dead and the girl is kidnapped. based on novel or book kidnapping Action Crime
102651 A beautiful pure-hearted young woman Maleficent has an idyllic life growing up in a peaceable forest kingdom until one day when an invading army threatens the harmony of the land.  Maleficent rises to be the land's fiercest protector but she ultimately suffers a ruthless betrayal – an act that begins to turn her heart into stone. Bent on revenge Maleficent faces an epic battle with the invading King's successor and as a result places a curse upon his newborn infant Aurora. As the child grows Maleficent realizes that Aurora holds the key to peace in the kingdom – and to Maleficent's true happiness as well. fairy fairy tale villain betrayal curse dark fantasy based on fairy tale retelling literary adaptation wings live action remake Fantasy Adventure Action Family Romance
72545 Sean Anderson partners with his mom's boyfriend on a mission to find his grandfather who is thought to be missing on a mythical island. giant lizard mission missing person duringcreditsstinger Adventure Action Science Fiction
129 A young girl Chihiro becomes trapped in a strange new world of spirits. When her parents undergo a mysterious transformation she must call upon the courage she never knew she had to free her family. witch parent child relationship magic darkness bath house spirit parallel world amusement park youkai japanese mythology anime Animation Family Fantasy
953 Alex the lion is the king of the urban jungle the main attraction at New York's Central Park Zoo. He and his best friends—Marty the zebra Melman the giraffe and Gloria the hippo—have spent their whole lives in blissful captivity before an admiring public and with regular meals provided for them. Not content to leave well enough alone Marty lets his curiosity get the better of him and makes his escape—with the help of some prodigious penguins—to explore the world. africa island lion zoo hippopotamus giraffe penguin madagascar friendship cartoon zebra slapstick comedy escape animal lemur escaped animal talking animals Family Animation Adventure Comedy
955644 Mia discovers her magic stone is part of an ancient prophecy and embarks on a thrilling journey to the farthest islands of Centopia to face a great evil and shape her own destiny. nan Animation Fantasy Adventure
559 The seemingly invincible Spider-Man goes up against an all-new crop of villains—including the shape-shifting Sandman. While Spider-Man’s superpowers are altered by an alien organism his alter ego Peter Parker deals with nemesis Eddie Brock and also gets caught up in a love triangle. loss of loved one dual identity amnesia sandstorm love of one's life forgiveness spider wretch egomania sand narcism hostility sequel superhero based on comic revenge symbiote Fantasy Action Adventure
764835 A woman desperately races to save her child after police place her hometown on lockdown due to an active shooter incident. thriller mystery Thriller
9567 Navy SEAL Lieutenant A.K. Waters and his elite squadron of tactical specialists are forced to choose between their duty and their humanity between following orders by ignoring the conflict that surrounds them or finding the courage to follow their conscience and protect a group of innocent refugees. When the democratic government of Nigeria collapses and the country is taken over by a ruthless military dictator Waters a fiercely loyal and hardened veteran is dispatched on a routine mission to retrieve a Doctors Without Borders physician. civil war refugee war crimes evacuation border us army village nigeria president rescue mission doctor massacre brutality military child soldier War Action Drama
109418 Lenny has relocated his family back to the small town where he and his friends grew up. This time around the grown ups are the ones learning lessons from their kids on a day notoriously full of surprises—the last day of school. friendship journey in the past past friends Comedy
61791 A highly intelligent chimpanzee named Caesar has been living a peaceful suburban life ever since he was born. But when he gets taken to a cruel primate facility Caesar decides to revolt against those who have harmed him. san francisco california solidarity gorilla intelligence dystopia zoo alzheimer's disease death of father cage anthropomorphism golden gate bridge disease ape orangutan chimpanzee medical research primate sign languages virus animal testing contagion father son relationship animal human friendship cgi live action hybrid violence against animals meddling neighbor medical trials exhilarated Thriller Action Drama Science Fiction
8681 While vacationing with a friend in Paris an American girl is kidnapped by a gang of human traffickers intent on selling her into forced prostitution. Working against the clock her ex-spy father must pull out all the stops to save her. But with his best years possibly behind him the job may be more than he can handle. paris france kidnapping human trafficking horror rescue prostitution albanian rape and revenge missing daughter ex cia agent abduction search for daughter Action Thriller
508 Eight London couples try to deal with their relationships in different ways. Their tryst with love makes them discover how complicated relationships can be. london england usa president rock star school performance love at first sight holiday war on terror marseille france office christmas party language barrier prime minister press conference bars and restaurants valentine's day heathrow airport multiple storylines christmas Comedy Romance Drama
630586 Jen and a group of friends set out to hike the Appalachian Trail. Despite warnings to stick to the trail the hikers stray off course—and cross into land inhabited by The Foundation a hidden community of mountain dwellers who use deadly means to protect their way of life. secret society forest community revenge interracial relationship gore slasher backwoods group of friends mercy killing virginia reboot appalachian trail killers abduction Horror Thriller Drama
268896 It has been ten years since The Battle of the Breach and the oceans are still but restless. Vindicated by the victory at the Breach the Jaeger program has evolved into the most powerful global defense force in human history. The PPDC now calls upon the best and brightest to rise up and become the next generation of heroes when the Kaiju threat returns. monster damage army sequel alien giant robot giant monster creature robot kaiju alien monster teenage hero robot suits mount fuji Action Fantasy Science Fiction Adventure
75258 Tinkerbell wanders into the forbidden Winter woods and meets Periwinkle. Together they learn the secret of their wings and try to unite the warm fairies and the winter fairies to help Pixie Hollow. winter fairy fairy tale cold separation duringcreditsstinger woman director Animation Family Fantasy Adventure
150689 When her father unexpectedly passes away young Ella finds herself at the mercy of her cruel stepmother and her daughters. Never one to give up hope Ella's fortunes begin to change after meeting a dashing stranger in the woods. magic prince fairy tale kingdom royalty orphan lost shoe evil stepmother based on fairy tale retelling live action and animation live action remake Romance Fantasy Family Drama
788905 Tatiana is a journalist with a routine life in all its aspects and a recently failed love relationship. Motivated by her best friend she decides to make a stop and travel around Costa Rica to find herself and inner peace. nan Adventure Comedy Drama
283366 A teenager finds himself transported to an island where he must help protect a group of orphans with special powers from creatures intent on destroying them. wales shapeshifting falcon time travel children's home orphan super power 1940s based on young adult novel Fantasy Adventure Family Drama
"9487 On behalf of ""oppressed bugs everywhere"" an inventive ant named Flik hires a troupe of warrior bugs to defend his bustling colony from a horde of freeloading grasshoppers led by the evil-minded Hopper. winter fight ant invention collector ant hill grass duringcreditsstinger Adventure Animation Comedy Family"
301804 An orphaned child's dreams—and nightmares—manifest physically as he sleeps. dream nightmare insomnia orphan Drama Fantasy Horror Thriller
602223 All the rules are broken as a sect of lawless marauders decides that the annual Purge does not stop at daybreak and instead should never end as they chase a group of immigrants who they want to punish because of their harsh historical past. texas sequel prequel murder desert purge family surviving alone guns and weapons Horror Action Thriller
550988 A bank teller discovers he is actually a background player in an open-world video game and decides to become the hero of his own story. Now in a world where there are no limits he is determined to be the guy who saves his world his way before it's too late. hero artificial intelligence (a.i.) video game virtual reality gun code gamer bank robbery bank teller programmer mmorpg heroic Comedy Adventure Science Fiction
561 John Constantine has literally been to Hell and back. When he teams up with a policewoman to solve the mysterious suicide of her twin sister their investigation takes them through the world of demons and angels that exists beneath the landscape of contemporary Los Angeles. self sacrifice angel christianity confession superhero supernatural exorcism archangel gabriel holy water redemption based on comic lucifer demon occult macabre aftercreditsstinger mysticism supernatural power good versus evil Fantasy Action Horror
545609 Tyler Rake a fearless mercenary who offers his services on the black market embarks on a dangerous mission when he is hired to rescue the kidnapped son of a Mumbai crime lord. mercenary mumbai (bombay) india based on comic crime boss rescue mission based on graphic novel dhaka (dacca) bangladesh Drama Action Thriller
667216 While staying at an isolated island resort James and Em are enjoying a perfect vacation of pristine beaches exceptional staff and soaking up the sun. But guided by the seductive and mysterious Gabi they venture outside the resort grounds and find themselves in a culture filled with violence hedonism and untold horror. clone eroticism island hallucination vacation surrealism drug trip execution body horror Horror Science Fiction Thriller
381288 Though Kevin has evidenced 23 personalities to his trusted psychiatrist Dr. Fletcher there remains one still submerged who is set to materialize and dominate all the others. Compelled to abduct three teenage girls led by the willful observant Casey Kevin reaches a war for survival among all of those contained within him — as well as everyone around him — as the walls between his compartments shatter apart. child abuse kidnapping sequel gore stalking teenage girl super power mental illness multiple personality traumatic childhood dissociative identity disorder Horror Thriller
723072 Six friends hire a medium to hold a séance via Zoom during lockdown — but they get far more than they bargained for as things quickly go wrong. When an evil spirit starts invading their homes they begin to realize they might not survive the night. isolation computer quarantine evil spirit internet psychic internet chat found footage séance lockdown virus covid 19 Horror Thriller Mystery
525660 In the turbulent late Eastern Han Dynasty. Ambitious Dong Zhuo controls the court and the commonalty and heroes from all over the country begin to rise. samurai dynasty based on video game Action Adventure Fantasy
790496 Emi a school teacher finds her career and reputation under threat after a personal sex tape is leaked on the Internet. Forced to meet the parents demanding her dismissal Emi refuses to surrender to their pressure. nan Comedy
57214 Three high school seniors throw a party to make a name for themselves. As the night progresses things spiral out of control as word of the party spreads. birthday birthday party high school house party teen movie high school student fake documentary Comedy
389 The defense and the prosecution have rested and the jury is filing into the jury room to decide if a young Spanish-American is guilty or innocent of murdering his father. What begins as an open and shut case soon becomes a mini-drama of each of the jurors' prejudices and preconceptions about the trial the accused and each other. death penalty anonymity court case court judge jurors father murder class heat innocence puerto rico based on play or musical courtroom blunt hostile courtroom drama cautionary provocative suspenseful antagonistic callous doubtful inflammatory skeptical Drama
870096 When a drug to replicate plant cells creates a sentient form of flower the planet is over taken by flora and humankind is depleted. A Chinese task force a widowed father and his young daughter fight to survive in a mission to inject an antidote to the core of the plants to reverse their growth. dangerous mission environmental disaster plants ecological disaster global catastrophe Science Fiction Horror Action
73723 A 12-year-old boy searches for the one thing that will enable him to win the affection of the girl of his dreams. To find it he must discover the story of the Lorax the grumpy yet charming creature who fights to protect his world. aftermath tree musical family business money tragic villain consumerism air based on children's book animal killing walled city reforestation tree cutting mad family clothes factory meme social abused child illumination singing animals fish trio biggering unless Animation Family
760926 In the not-too-distant future two drifters traveling through the desert stumble across the biggest gold nugget ever found and the dream of immense wealth and greed takes hold. They hatch a plan to excavate their bounty with one man leaving to secure the necessary tools while the other remains with the gold. The man who remains must endure harsh desert elements ravenous wild dogs and mysterious intruders while battling the sinking suspicion that he has been abandoned to his fate. paranoia survival Horror Drama
"732459 In this sequel to ""47 Ronin"" a new class of warriors emerges among the Samurai clans to keep a sought-after sword from falling into the wrong hands. budapest hungary samurai Fantasy"
550205 Determined teen Din is longing to reconnect with his childhood best friend when he meets a wish-granting dragon who shows him the magic of possibilities. wish dragon Animation Family Comedy Fantasy
188070 A two-part crossover special featuring characters from Dragon Ball Z One Piece and Toriko. shounen anime crossover one piece dragon ball z Action Adventure Comedy Fantasy Animation
840430 A curmudgeonly instructor at a New England prep school is forced to remain on campus during Christmas break to babysit the handful of students with nowhere to go. Eventually he forms an unlikely bond with one of them — a damaged brainy troublemaker — and with the school’s head cook who has just lost a son in Vietnam. vietnam war winter boarding school holiday boston massachusetts 1970s affectation alcoholism grief misfit mental illness teacher student relationship new england boys' boarding school christmas winter break troubled youth loss of son christmas time cook admiring Comedy Drama
280 Nearly 10 years have passed since Sarah Connor was targeted for termination by a cyborg from the future. Now her son John the future leader of the resistance is the target for a newer more deadly terminator. Once again the resistance has managed to send a protector back to attempt to save John and his mother Sarah. cyborg shotgun villain time travel post apocalyptic future dystopia moral ambiguity mental institution juvenile delinquent fictional war urban setting troubled teen morphing nuclear weapons shape shifter savior catch phrase action hero good versus evil terminator Action Thriller Science Fiction
605886 Baltimore. New Year's Eve. A talented but troubled police officer is recruited by the FBI's chief investigator to help profile and track down a mass murderer. nan Action Crime Thriller Mystery
238636 One night per year the government sanctions a 12-hour period in which citizens can commit any crime they wish -- including murder -- without fear of punishment or imprisonment. Leo a sergeant who lost his son plans a vigilante mission of revenge during the mayhem. However instead of a death-dealing avenger he becomes the unexpected protector of four innocent strangers who desperately need his help if they are to survive the night. bus assault rifle sniper machete dystopia psychopath sequel revenge murder rampage motorcycle masked man death survival horror gatling gun purge Horror Thriller
44251 A Saiyan Space pod crash-lands on Earth out of which a wounded Saiyan crawls: Broly the Legendary Super Saiyan. The wounded Broly shouts out in frustration and turns into normal form. The place soon freezes trapping him in it and he falls into a coma. martial arts martial artist anime villian Animation Action Science Fiction
10607 When Ashtray moves to South Central L.A. to live with his father (who appears to be the same age he is) and grandmother (who likes to talk tough and smoke reefer) he falls in with his gang-banging cousin Loc Dog who along with the requisite pistols and Uzi carries a thermo-nuclear warhead for self-defense. Will Ashtray be able to keep living the straight life? date slang hip hop gangster cousin parody hood gang social satire racism Comedy
900667 Uta — the most beloved singer in the world. Her voice which she sings with while concealing her true identity has been described as “otherworldly.” She will appear in public for the first time at a live concert. As the venue fills with all kinds of Uta fans — excited pirates the Navy watching closely and the Straw Hats led by Luffy who simply came to enjoy her sonorous performance — the voice that the whole world has been waiting for is about to resound. pirate fighting super power aftercreditsstinger anime pirates Animation Adventure Action Fantasy
10191 As the son of a Viking leader on the cusp of manhood shy Hiccup Horrendous Haddock III faces a rite of passage: he must kill a dragon to prove his warrior mettle. But after downing a feared dragon he realizes that he no longer wants to destroy it and instead befriends the beast – which he names Toothless – much to the chagrin of his warrior father. flying based on novel or book blacksmith arena island ship training village forest viking friendship ignorance flight nest dragon battle combat well warrior pets Fantasy Adventure Animation Family
668482 An extraordinary young girl discovers her superpower and summons the remarkable courage against all odds to help others change their stories whilst also taking charge of her own destiny. Standing up for what's right she's met with miraculous results. circus library corruption child abuse magic musical telekinesis child prodigy remake based on play or musical parenting based on children's book fantasy sequence escape artist precocious child evil dictator acrobats bad parenting female child abuser kid genius abusive family Family Comedy Fantasy
262500 Beatrice Prior must confront her inner demons and continue her fight against a powerful alliance which threatens to tear her society apart. based on novel or book revolution dystopia sequel based on young adult novel Action Adventure Science Fiction Thriller
800510 A tech worker with agoraphobia discovers recorded evidence of a violent crime but is met with resistance when she tries to report it. Seeking justice she must do the thing she fears the most: leave her apartment. seattle usa agoraphobia mental illness virus covid 19 Thriller
646380 Two American astronomers attempt to warn humankind about an approaching comet that will wipe out life on planet Earth. artificial intelligence (a.i.) the white house asteroid climate change satire global warming comet end of the world social commentary social satire meteorite astronomer disaster teacher student relationship denial mass hysteria aftercreditsstinger duringcreditsstinger Comedy Science Fiction Drama
724495 The story of the Agojie the all-female unit of warriors who protected the African Kingdom of Dahomey in the 1800s with skills and a fierceness unlike anything the world has ever seen and General Nanisca as she trains the next generation of recruits and readies them for battle against an enemy determined to destroy their way of life. africa arranged marriage warrior woman based on true story slave trade duringcreditsstinger woman director military unit 19th century mother daughter reunion freed slave female warrior west africa weapons training Action Drama History
157350 In a world divided into factions based on personality types Tris learns that she's been classified as Divergent and won't fit in. When she discovers a plot to destroy Divergents Tris and the mysterious Four must find out what makes Divergents dangerous before it's too late. future based on novel or book dystopia futuristic individuality alternative reality caste system based on young adult novel Action Adventure Science Fiction
9532 After a teenager has a terrifying vision of him and his friends dying in a plane crash he prevents the accident only to have Death hunt them down one by one. airport omen premonition airplane accident corpse death near death experience cheating death Horror
372519 Follows Moses leading and conducting the Hebrew people from the slavery of Egypt to the freedom towards the Promised Land according to the Ancient Testament Bible book of the Exodus. The story told like never before is faithful to the Scriptures. nan Drama
11970 Bestowed with superhuman strength a young mortal named Hercules sets out to prove himself a hero in the eyes of his father the great god Zeus. Along with his friends Pegasus a flying horse and Phil a personal trainer Hercules is tricked by the hilarious hotheaded villain Hades who's plotting to take over Mount Olympus! peasant hades villain musical pegasus zeus ancient greece aftercreditsstinger olympus hercules worth playful hopeful Animation Family Fantasy Adventure Comedy Romance
141052 Fuelled by his restored faith in humanity and inspired by Superman's selfless act Bruce Wayne and Diana Prince assemble a team of metahumans consisting of Barry Allen Arthur Curry and Victor Stone to face the catastrophic threat of Steppenwolf and the Parademons who are on the hunt for three Mother Boxes on Earth. superhero based on comic super power superhero team aftercreditsstinger duringcreditsstinger dc extended universe (dceu) Action Adventure Science Fiction
823625 Travis Block is a shadowy Government agent who specializes in removing operatives whose covers have been exposed. He then has to uncover a deadly conspiracy within his own ranks that reaches the highest echelons of power. luz negra Action Thriller
343668 When an attack on the Kingsman headquarters takes place and a new villain rises Eggsy and Merlin are forced to work together with the American agency known as the Statesman to save the world. saving the world spy europe sequel secret government organization agent statesman spy universe Action Adventure Comedy
458576 A portal transports Cpt. Artemis and an elite unit of soldiers to a strange world where powerful monsters rule with deadly ferocity. Faced with relentless danger the team encounters a mysterious hunter who may be their only hope to find a way home. female soldier giant monster another dimension bow and arrow based on video game swordswoman dimensional travel Action Fantasy Adventure
606402 Nicknamed after a human-devouring spirit the ruthless leader of an overseas black ops team takes up a dangerous mission in a city riddled with spies. spy intelligence secret agent organized crime mission espionage prosecutor shenyang china nis Action Adventure Crime Thriller
843633 An ex-marine enforcer must battle his conscience and code of honor when he is forced to do things for the mob. nan Action Crime Thriller
"807 Two homicide detectives are on a desperate hunt for a serial killer whose crimes are based on the ""seven deadly sins"" in this dark and haunting film that takes viewers from the tortured remains of one victim to the next. The seasoned Det. Sommerset researches each sin in an effort to get inside the killer's mind while his novice partner Mills scoffs at his efforts to unravel the case. drug dealer rage and hate police s.w.a.t. sadism self fulfilling prophecy psychopath detective rain investigation pension evisceration pride and vanity immoderateness insomnia murder serial killer religion seven deadly sins depravity neo noir Crime Mystery Thriller"
11171 Connected through a dark past incident a teenage gay hustler and a young man obsessed with alien abductions cross paths again years later. child abuse amnesia post traumatic stress disorder (ptsd) based on novel or book trainer hustler trauma male homosexuality prostitution buried memories childhood sexual abuse sexual assault 1980s 1990s loss of innocence repressed trauma child sexual abuse lgbt interest kansas Drama
260346 Ex-government operative Bryan Mills finds his life is shattered when he's falsely accused of a murder that hits close to home. As he's pursued by a savvy police inspector Mills employs his particular set of skills to track the real killer and exact his unique brand of justice. revenge murder on the run fugitive framed framed for murder father daughter relationship Thriller Action
646389 After a heroic job of successfully landing his storm-damaged aircraft in a war zone a fearless pilot finds himself between the agendas of multiple militias planning to take the plane and its passengers hostage. airplane pilot philippines held hostage plane crash intense Action
35 After Homer accidentally pollutes the town's water supply Springfield is encased in a gigantic dome by the EPA and the Simpsons are declared fugitives. parent child relationship garbage pollution environmental protection agency quarantine dysfunctional family dysfunctional marriage ecology first love duringcreditsstinger Animation Comedy Family
9023 As a wild stallion travels across the frontiers of the Old West he befriends a young human and finds true love with a mare. freedom mustang rivalry wildlife animal cavalry indian war eyebrow wild horse pets Western Animation Adventure Comedy Family Drama
532639 A wooden puppet embarks on a thrilling adventure to become a real boy. fairy musical puppet live action and animation live action remake talking animal pinocchio Fantasy Adventure Family
575249 Dragon Ball Z: The Real 4-D at Super Tenkaichi Budoka is a cinematic attraction at Universal Studios Japan and the successor to Dragon Ball Z: The Real 4-D. Like its predecessor it is a new installment in the Dragon Ball series this time primarily featuring the face off between Super Saiyan Blue Goku and Broly God. martial arts fusion god vegeta broly Action Animation Adventure
24238 A tale of friendship between two unlikely pen pals: Mary a lonely eight-year-old girl living in the suburbs of Melbourne and Max a forty-four-year old severely obese man living in New York. australia chocolate approach letter birthmark only child bullying friendship bracelet pen pals atheist loneliness stop motion neighbor phone book adult animation unlikely friendship correspondence eating disorder asperger's syndrome Animation Comedy Drama
244786 Under the direction of a ruthless instructor a talented young drummer begins to pursue perfection at any cost even his humanity. new york city concert jazz obsession music teacher conservatory montage public humiliation jazz band young adult music school based on short film adoring Drama Music
83201 Puss in Boots is on a mission to recover the Princess' stolen ruby from the notorious French thief Whisperer. Reluctantly accompanied by three little kittens Three Diablos Puss must tame them before they endanger the mission. cartoon cat Adventure Animation Comedy Family
675445 Ryder and the pups are called to Adventure City to stop Mayor Humdinger from turning the bustling metropolis into a state of chaos. cartoon dog animal kids Animation Family Adventure Comedy
80321 Animal pals Alex Marty Melman and Gloria are still trying to make it back to New York's Central Park Zoo. They are forced to take a detour to Europe to find the penguins and chimps who broke the bank at a Monte Carlo casino. When French animal-control officer Capitaine Chantel DuBois picks up their scent Alex and company are forced to hide out in a traveling circus. circus lion zoo hippopotamus giraffe penguin madagascar friendship cartoon zebra slapstick comedy animal lemur talking animals Animation Family Comedy Adventure
109439 This time there's no wedding. No bachelor party. What could go wrong right? But when the Wolfpack hits the road all bets are off. las vegas Comedy
555285 When her family moves from New York City to New Jersey an 11-year-old girl navigates new friends feelings and the beginning of adolescence. new jersey adolescence based on novel or book puberty coming of age religion woman director mother daughter relationship Comedy Drama
695568 A struggling family already on the verge of disintegration faces new challenges that will test their faith in God and each other. nan Drama
"550 A ticking-time-bomb insomniac and a slippery soap salesman channel primal male aggression into a shocking new form of therapy. Their concept catches on with underground ""fight clubs"" forming in every town until an eccentric gets in the way and ignites an out-of-control spiral toward oblivion. dual identity rage and hate based on novel or book nihilism fight support group dystopia insomnia alter ego breaking the fourth wall split personality quitting a job dissociative identity disorder self destructiveness Drama"
667276 When a human baby crosses the Eternal Mirror the portal between the living and the death opens its path to the beings from the underworld. nan Animation Comedy Fantasy Adventure Family
49051 Bilbo Baggins a hobbit enjoying his quiet life is swept into an epic quest by Gandalf the Grey and thirteen dwarves who seek to reclaim their mountain home from Smaug the dragon. based on novel or book orcs elves dwarf magic horseback riding sword burglar legend riddle mountain contract travel troll creature thunderstorm fantasy world wizard epic battle lost ring journey ring tunnel underground lake buried treasure invisibility quest live action and animation high fantasy sword and sorcery trekking goblins good versus evil backstory creatures fantasy creature amused hobbit Adventure Fantasy Action
4011 A newly dead New England couple seek help from a deranged demon exorcist to scare an affluent New York family out of their home. skeleton afterlife calypso supernatural arts halloween haunted house minister possession giant snake surrealism child bride teenage girl gothic death madness dead ghost property Fantasy Comedy
39323 Bardock Son Goku's father is a low-ranking Saiyan soldier who was given the power to see into the future by the last remaining alien on a planet he just destroyed. He witnesses the destruction of his race and must now do his best to stop Frieza's impending massacre. precognition alien based on manga destruction of planet genocide anime future vision home planet Animation Action Science Fiction Drama Fantasy
337401 When the Emperor of China issues a decree that one man per family must serve in the Imperial Chinese Army to defend the country from Huns Hua Mulan the eldest daughter of an honored warrior steps in to take the place of her ailing father. She is spirited determined and quick on her feet. Disguised as a man by the name of Hua Jun she is tested every step of the way and must harness her innermost strength and embrace her true potential. china martial arts hero fake identity honor east asian lead heroine based on myths legends or folklore live action and animation chinese girl live action remake Adventure Fantasy Drama Action
916605 Reclusive and controversial author Bruce Cogburn is drawn out of hiding by an obsessive fan forcing the novelist to confront a past that he thought he could escape and to account for events set in motion by his bestseller decades earlier. Cogburn's search for who is behind the manipulation and mental torment he encounters leads to an emotional roller-coaster ride full of fear and danger where things are not always as clear as they seem to be and where past deeds can have dire consequences. nan Thriller Mystery
9836 Into the world of the Emperor Penguins who find their soul mates through song a penguin is born who cannot sing. But he can tap dance something fierce! fish ocean zoo penguin tap dancing anthropomorphism love crush snow singing antarctica family duringcreditsstinger Animation Comedy Family
193893 It's the ultimate buddy cop movie except for one thing: they're not cops.  When two struggling pals dress as police officers for a costume party they become neighborhood sensations.  But when these newly-minted “heroes” get tangled in a real life web of mobsters and dirty detectives they must put their fake badges on the line. corruption robbery kidnapping nightclub male friendship investigation police murder flashback mobster los angeles california buddy cop lying impersonating a police officer guns Comedy
619778 Madison is paralyzed by shocking visions of grisly murders and her torment worsens as she discovers that these waking dreams are in fact terrifying realities with a mysterious tie to her past. detective brain tumor monster dream seattle usa murder gore vision serial killer hospital miscarriage videotape murder mystery sister sister relationship psychic connection Horror Mystery Thriller
842033 A horror webtoon writer journeys to a shabby apartment building in search of ideas. The building's caretaker tells him about multiple strange events that happened throughout the building's history. nan Horror
722149 A gruesome serial killer is terrorizing London while brilliant but disgraced detective John Luther sits behind bars. Haunted by his failure to capture the cyber psychopath who now taunts him Luther decides to break out of prison to finish the job by any means necessary. london england prison detective kidnapping blackmail murder serial killer missing person cybercrime based on tv series ice Thriller Crime Action Drama
806368 A successful lawyer with a new wife and infant agrees to care for his teenage son from a previous marriage after his ex-wife becomes concerned about the boy's wayward behavior. suicide depression mental illness mental health child of divorce divorced parents father son conflict self harm Drama
427641 Primatologist Davis Okoye shares an unshakable bond with George the extraordinarily intelligent silverback gorilla who has been in his care since birth.  But a rogue genetic experiment gone awry mutates this gentle ape into a raging creature of enormous size.  To make matters worse it’s soon discovered there are other similarly altered animals.  As these newly created alpha predators tear across North America destroying everything in their path Okoye teams with a discredited genetic engineer to secure an antidote fighting his way through an ever-changing battlefield not only to halt a global catastrophe but to save the fearsome creature that was once his friend. gorilla monster wolf mutation lizard giant lizard giant monster creature based on video game giant animal mutant animal kaiju albino giant rat genetic experiment destroyed city giant gorilla animal monster Action Adventure Science Fiction
4951 On the first day at his new school Cameron instantly falls for Bianca the gorgeous girl of his dreams. The only problem is that Bianca is forbidden to date until her ill-tempered completely un-dateable older sister Kat goes out too. In an attempt to solve his problem Cameron singles out the only guy who could possibly be a match for Kat: a mysterious bad boy with a nasty reputation of his own. high school deception based on play or musical coming of age teen movie shrew valentine's day shakespeare in modern dress opposites attract duringcreditsstinger teenage romance overprotective father loving Comedy Romance Drama
758724 When Keira Woods' daughter mysteriously vanishes in the cellar of their new house in the country she soon discovers there is an ancient and powerful entity controlling their home that she will have to face or risk losing her family's souls forever. mother cellar haunted house supernatural hell disappearance visions of hell demon supernatural creature clueless husband demonic spirit supernatural horror mysterious disappearance Horror Mystery
245891 Ex-hitman John Wick comes out of retirement to track down the gangsters that took everything from him. hitman gangster secret organization bratva (russian mafia) revenge murder dog retired widower Action Thriller
15092 Chelios faces a Chinese mobster who has stolen his nearly indestructible heart and replaced it with a battery-powered ticker that requires regular jolts of electricity to keep working. prostitute horse race heart cigarette strip club electric shock sequel flashback tourette syndrome gang shootout mansion foot chase surgery taser duringcreditsstinger absurdism ultraviolence Action Thriller Crime
"932430 It's prom season and high school senior Mandy and her best friend and fellow outsider Ben are surrounded by over-the-top ""promposals."" Mandy is only focused on getting into her dream school Harvard but as she starts tutoring basketball all-star Graham she must re-evaluate whether her dream school is worth the cost of everything she believes in. nan Romance Comedy"
3170 Bambi's tale unfolds from season to season as the young prince of the forest learns about life love and friends. loss of loved one forest deer coming of age best friend rabbit forest fire Animation Drama Family
451048 Dr. Lily Houghton enlists the aid of wisecracking skipper Frank Wolff to take her down the Amazon in his dilapidated boat. Together they search for an ancient tree that holds the power to heal – a discovery that will change the future of medicine. jungle riverboat 1910s amazon river based on theme park ride Action Adventure Fantasy
43549 20 men are chosen to participate in the roles of guards and prisoners in a psychological study that ultimately spirals out of control. experiment psychological thriller Thriller Drama
8363 Two co-dependent high school seniors are forced to deal with separation anxiety after their plan to stage a booze-soaked party goes awry. alcohol chaos nerd police high school coming of age school drugs buddy one night fake id mclovin Comedy
852606 WrestleMania 39 continues from SoFi Stadium in Los Angeles. Cody Rhodes looks to finish the story as he challenges Roman Reigns for the Undisputed WWE Universal Championship at the biggest event in sports-entertainment. Bianca Belair defends the Raw Women’s Title against Asuka. pro wrestling sporting event wwe wrestlemania Action Family
18095 Son Goku Jr. is the great-great-great-great-grandson of the legendary martial artist Son Goku. However unlike his predecessor he's not a brave fighter. He's constantly picked on by school bullies his grandmother Pan sees this and she's worried but even though Goku Jr. is not a strong and powerful Saiyan he has a kind heart and Pan loves him. When Pan gets sick Goku Jr. realizes he must do something if he doesn't want to lose Pan. Then he will remember about the legends of the Dragon Balls. It was told they granted a wish to the bearer Goku Jr. needs a magical wish more than ever. anime Animation Family Fantasy
378064 Shouya Ishida starts bullying the new girl in class Shouko Nishimiya because she is deaf. But as the teasing continues the rest of the class starts to turn on Shouya for his lack of compassion. When they leave elementary school Shouko and Shouya do not speak to each other again... until an older wiser Shouya tormented by his past behaviour decides he must see Shouko once more. He wants to atone for his sins but is it already too late...? suicide suicide attempt deaf friendship high school bullying coming of age based on manga woman director sign languages anime japanese school Animation Drama
640 A true story about Frank Abagnale Jr. who before his 19th birthday successfully conned millions of dollars worth of checks as a Pan Am pilot doctor and legal prosecutor. An FBI agent makes it his mission to put him behind bars. But Frank not only eludes capture he revels in the pursuit. fbi con man biography based on true story attempted jailbreak engagement party mislaid trust bank fraud Drama Crime
892068 A year ago Ricardo and Felipe in charge of taking the children to a camp stayed outside the train leaving the children inside. Clara no longer trusts them and this year she decides to take the children personally with the help of her friend Susana. However now they will be the ones who as a result of an accident are separated from the children. nan Comedy Family
111 After getting a green card in exchange for assassinating a Cuban government official Tony Montana stakes a claim on the drug trade in Miami. Viciously murdering anyone who stands in his way Tony eventually becomes the biggest drug lord in the state controlling nearly all the cocaine that comes through Miami. But increased pressure from the police wars with Colombian drug cartels and his own drug-fueled paranoia serve to fuel the flames of his eventual downfall. sibling relationship miami florida corruption loss of loved one cuba prohibition era cocaine gangster rise and fall remake drug cartel mafia drug lord bitterness rise to power miami beach cuban refugees drug war Action Crime Drama
825808 When blind former skier Sophie cat-sits in a secluded mansion three thieves invade for the hidden safe. Sophie's only defense is army veteran Kelly who she meets on the See For Me app. Kelly helps Sophie defend herself against the invaders and survive. safe mansion blind blind woman assalto Thriller
242 In the midst of trying to legitimize his business dealings in 1979 New York and Italy aging mafia don Michael Corleone seeks forgiveness for his sins while taking a young protege under his wing. italy christianity new york city assassination italian american vatican pope confession helicopter symbolism gangster daughter revenge organized crime mafia lawyer Crime Drama Thriller
"772071 70-year-old Malena gets a second chance at life when she magically turns into her 22-year-old self. Now posing as ""Maria"" to hide her true identity she becomes the lead singer of her grandson's band and tries to recover her dream of singing which she had to give up at some point. nan Comedy Fantasy"
875104 When a young Master Ip stops a kidnapping he ignites a turf war with a ruthless human-trafficking ring. In retaliation the gang kidnaps one of Ip Man's close friends forcing him to face the group's brutal boxing champion head-on. martial arts kung fu hong kong wing chun Action Adventure History Drama
809314 Nicolas Shaw is a retired U.S. special operative who becomes part of an elite 'invisible' team that quietly takes out the worst villains around the world. nan Action Thriller
560057 In an era when terrifying beasts roamed the seas monster hunters were celebrated heroes. None were more beloved than the great Jacob Holland. But when young Maisie Brumble stows away on his fabled ship he's saddled with an unexpected ally. Together they embark on an epic journey into uncharted waters and make history. ship orphan sea monster 17th century Animation Adventure Family Fantasy
89 In 1938 an art collector appeals to eminent archaeologist Dr. Indiana Jones to embark on a search for the Holy Grail. Indy learns that a medieval historian has vanished while searching for it and the missing man is his own father Dr. Henry Jones Sr.. He sets out to rescue his father by following clues in the old man's notebook which his father had mailed to him before he went missing. Indy arrives in Venice where he enlists the help of a beautiful academic Dr. Elsa Schneider along with Marcus Brody and Sallah. Together they must stop the Nazis from recovering the power of eternal life and taking over the world! saving the world nazi holy grail venice italy entrapment crusader germany riddle brotherhood zeppelin tank book burning nazi officer boat chase gestapo single father traveling circus archaeologist bible quote medieval boy scouts german soldier motorcycle chase hindenburg german agent 1930s biblical archaeology father son relationship adolf hitler german language knights templar nazi germany the crusades Adventure Action
588108 In 1592 admiral Yi Sun-sin and his fleet face off against the might of the invading Japanese navy and its formidable warships. As the Korean forces fall into crisis the admiral resorts to using his secret weapon the dragon head ships known as geobukseon in order to change the tide of this epic battle at sea. navy battleship naval warfare japanese invasion of korea korean navy joseon dynasty yi sun sin History Action Drama War
1359 A wealthy New York investment banking executive hides his alternate psychopathic ego from his co-workers and friends as he escalates deeper into his illogical gratuitous fantasies. based on novel or book businessman wall street psychopath satire dark comedy serial killer big city psychological thriller cult film character study white collar harvard business school child of divorce voice imitation unreliable narrator woman director 1980s toxic masculinity american businessman Thriller Drama Crime
6479 Robert Neville is a scientist who was unable to stop the spread of the terrible virus that was incurable and man-made. Immune Neville is now the last human survivor in what is left of New York City and perhaps the world. For three years Neville has faithfully sent out daily radio messages desperate to find any other survivors who might be out there. But he is not alone. new york city saving the world based on novel or book dystopia post apocalyptic future lost civilisation infection matter of life and death alone helplessness loneliness zombie virus pandemic pets Drama Science Fiction Thriller
10439 After 300 years of slumber three sister witches are accidentally resurrected in Salem on Halloween night and it is up to three kids and their newfound feline friend to put an end to the witches' reign of terror once and for all. witch virgin sibling relationship magic halloween undead resurrection potion salem massachusetts trick or treating spellcasting talking cat time skip grimoire Fantasy Comedy Family
512200 As the gang return to Jumanji to rescue one of their own they discover that nothing is as they expect. The players will have to brave parts unknown and unexplored in order to escape the world’s most dangerous game. magic animal attack body swap adventurer superhuman strength duringcreditsstinger action hero trapped in a game Adventure Comedy Fantasy
645710 When Pippa and Thomas move into their dream apartment they notice that their windows look directly into the apartment opposite – inviting them to witness the volatile relationship of the attractive couple across the street. But what starts as a simple curiosity turns into full-blown obsession with increasingly dangerous consequences. infidelity sexual obsession espionage photographer eroticism manipulation seduction montreal canada fashion photographer sexual fantasy role playing neighbor listening device moving in voyeurism new apartment art project ophthalmologist nude photography peeping intense Thriller
812 Princess Jasmine grows tired of being forced to remain in the palace so she sneaks out into the marketplace in disguise where she meets street-urchin Aladdin.  The couple falls in love although Jasmine may only marry a prince.  After being thrown in jail Aladdin becomes embroiled in a plot to find a mysterious lamp with which the evil Jafar hopes to rule the land. magic parrot musical tiger sultan flying carpet wish cartoon princess love monkey arab aftercreditsstinger genie arabian nights animal sidekick magic lamp Animation Family Adventure Fantasy Romance
1585 A holiday favourite for generations...  George Bailey has spent his entire life giving to the people of Bedford Falls.  All that prevents rich skinflint Mr. Potter from taking over the entire town is George's modest building and loan company.  But on Christmas Eve the business's $8000 is lost and George's troubles begin. small town angel suicide attempt holiday bank great depression family business black and white nervous breakdown old house alternate reality newlywed magic realism told in flashback guardian angel high school dance christmas Drama Family Fantasy
11932 Chucky is reborn when his old flame Tiffany rescues his battered doll parts from a police impound. voodoo route 66 evil doll killer doll serial killer slasher killer toys toy comes to life possessed doll supernatural power Comedy Horror
335983 Investigative journalist Eddie Brock attempts a comeback following a scandal but accidentally becomes the host of Venom a violent super powerful alien symbiote. Soon he must rely on his newfound powers to protect the world from a shadowy organization looking for a symbiote of their own. san francisco california spacecraft anti hero alien life form superhero based on comic aftercreditsstinger duringcreditsstinger business tycoon symbiote genetic experiment Science Fiction Action
49529 John Carter is a war-weary former military captain who's inexplicably transported to the mysterious and exotic planet of Barsoom (Mars) and reluctantly becomes embroiled in an epic conflict. It's a world on the brink of collapse and Carter rediscovers his humanity when he realizes the survival of Barsoom and its people rests in his hands. based on novel or book planet mars medallion space travel princess alien steampunk martian escape alien race superhuman strength martian civilization sword and planet 19th century 異星爭霸戰：尊卡特傳奇 Action Adventure Science Fiction
571891 After accepting an invitation from a mysterious trainer Ash Misty and Brock meet Mewtwo an artificially created Pokémon who wants to do battle. remake anime kodomo Animation Adventure Fantasy Action Family
769466 Ramón and Céline are a young couple that attended a concert at the Bataclan theatre in Paris on the fateful night of November 13 2015. They survive the attack but when they leave the theatre they are no longer the same. That night leaves a deep scar on both their lives and each tries to cope with the aftermath as best they can. Céline desperately tries to leave the events behind her clinging to her previous life while Ramón repeatedly goes back to that night trying to remember and understand what happened. Nonetheless they both face the same key question: how to reconnect and move on together? nan Drama
68718 With the help of a German bounty hunter a freed slave sets out to rescue his wife from a brutal Mississippi plantation owner. bounty hunter hero plantation society friendship friends revenge rivalry rescue shootout racism dentist django aftercreditsstinger odd couple black slave deadly 19th century Drama Western
1369 John Rambo is released from prison by the government for a top-secret covert mission to the last place on Earth he'd want to return - the jungles of Vietnam. vietnam veteran helicopter submachine gun prisoner prisoner of war liberation of prisoners liberation leech vietnam vietnam war chase machinegun us army forest photography government sequel revenge torture soldier explosion bow and arrow exploding body agent russian army electrical torture denunciation Action Adventure Thriller War
37135 Tarzan was a small orphan who was raised by an ape named Kala since he was a child. He believed that this was his family but on an expedition Jane Porter is rescued by Tarzan. He then finds out that he's human. Now Tarzan must make the decision as to which family he should belong to... africa gorilla baby adoption feral child tarzan nest jungle anthropomorphism camp orphan Family Adventure Animation Drama
849177 After a string of failed relationships two best friends make a deal to take risks and look for love again — but they might just find it in each other. friends to lovers Drama Romance
45243 The Hangover crew heads to Thailand for Stu's wedding. After the disaster of a bachelor party in Las Vegas last year Stu is playing it safe with a mellow pre-wedding brunch. However nothing goes as planned and Bangkok is the perfect setting for another adventure with the rowdy group. stag night undercover cop memory loss drugs Comedy
24 An assassin is shot by her ruthless employer Bill and other members of their assassination circle – but she lives to plot her vengeance. martial arts japan kung fu showdown coma sword asia yakuza bride sword fight revenge vigilante female yakuza animated scene wedding samurai sword eye patch retribution aggressive furious Action Crime
924482 A rock climbing adventure between two friends turns into a terrifying nightmare. After Kelly captures the murder of her best friend on camera she becomes the next target of a tight knit group of friends who will stop at nothing to destroy the evidence and anyone in their way. italy mountain fractured leg murder person on fire trapped mountain climbing ledge free climbing fall from height lost girl Thriller Adventure
62177 Brave is set in the mystical Scottish Highlands where Mérida is the princess of a kingdom ruled by King Fergus and Queen Elinor. An unruly daughter and an accomplished archer Mérida one day defies a sacred custom of the land and inadvertently brings turmoil to the kingdom. In an attempt to set things right Mérida seeks out an eccentric old Wise Woman and is granted an ill-fated wish. Also figuring into Mérida’s quest — and serving as comic relief — are the kingdom’s three lords: the enormous Lord MacGuffin the surly Lord Macintosh and the disagreeable Lord Dingwall. scotland rebel bravery kingdom archer wish bear scot rebellious daughter turns into animal archery ruins aftercreditsstinger peace offering woman director quest Animation Adventure Comedy Family Action Fantasy
78 In the smog-choked dystopian Los Angeles of 2019 blade runner Rick Deckard is called out of retirement to terminate a quartet of replicants who have escaped to Earth seeking their creator for a way to extend their short life spans. android flying car bounty hunter artificial intelligence (a.i.) genetics based on novel or book dystopia futuristic fugitive cyberpunk los angeles california alcoholic tech noir neo noir blade runner 2010s Science Fiction Drama Thriller
850871 Sayen is hunting down the men who murdered her grandmother. Using her training and knowledge of nature she is able to turn the tables on them learning of a conspiracy from a corporation that threatens her people's ancestral lands. mapuche ecologism ecosystems threatened ecosystem ecological disaster ecological serial Action Adventure
636706 Six months into a solo mission a lonely astronaut confronts the cracks in his marriage with help from a mysterious creature he discovers on his ship. based on novel or book space travel space mission alien astronaut space research czech republic absurd Science Fiction Adventure Drama
61927 Journalist Fabian Burstein looks behind the curtains of the porn industry. Starting in Budapest he heads westwards to explore a new world on its victory march rooted deeply in Austria. On this journey he meets the heroes and leading actors of this story: Austrians Mick Blue Renee Pornero and Thomas Janisch. Porno Unplugged follows its native porn stars to where their lives happen. From east to west... porn star behind the scenes on the road porn industry portrait social documentary adult filmmaking Documentary
495764 Harley Quinn joins forces with a singer an assassin and a police detective to help a young girl who had a hit placed on her after she stole a rare diamond from a crime lord. police pickpocket chase joker psychopath superhero nightclub gang leader based on comic breaking the fourth wall betrayal vigilante mobster organized crime shootout female protagonist orphan criminal police officer police detective spin off hyena held at gunpoint henchman exploding body death of family crime family female police officer nightclub owner crime lord woman director hand to hand combat vigilantism suspended cop murder of family dc extended universe (dceu) dumped by boyfriend loss of family supernatural power female antihero vigilantes betrayal of trust gotham city vigilante justice jailbreak suspended from job Action Crime
493922 Following the death of Ellen Leigh the matriarch of their family her daughter Annie and the rest of the family start to uncover disturbing secrets about their heritage.  Their daily lives are not only impacted but they also become entangled in a chilling fate from which they cannot escape driving them to the brink of madness. daughter funeral loss of loved one ritual supernatural possession cult dysfunctional family murder family drama fear demon attic evil ritual murder satanic ritual dollhouse satanic cult séance matriarch miniatures Horror Mystery Thriller
647250 Bert Kreischer faces a familial crisis and the arrival of his estranged father when the ghost of his booze-soaked past arrives: a murderous mobster hellbent on kidnapping Bert back to the motherland to atone for his crimes. Together he and his father must retrace the steps of his younger self in the midst of a war between a sociopathic crime family while they attempt to find common ground. one man army nickname Comedy Action Crime
705861 After discovering a once-in-a-lifetime player with a rocky past abroad a down on his luck basketball scout takes it upon himself to bring the phenom to the States without his team's approval. Against the odds they have one final shot to prove they have what it takes to make it in the NBA. spain training sports basketball teenage pregnancy basketball player opportunity dramedy interracial family Drama Comedy
70160 Every year in the ruins of what was once North America the nation of Panem forces each of its twelve districts to send a teenage boy and girl to compete in the Hunger Games.  Part twisted entertainment part government intimidation tactic the Hunger Games are a nationally televised event in which “Tributes” must fight with one another until one survivor remains.  Pitted against highly-trained Tributes who have prepared for these Games their entire lives Katniss is forced to rely upon her sharp instincts as well as the mentorship of drunken former victor Haymitch Abernathy.  If she’s ever to return home to District 12 Katniss must make impossible choices in the arena that weigh survival against humanity and life against love. The world will be watching. based on novel or book revolution dystopia female protagonist bow and arrow game archery death match forced to kill based on young adult novel Science Fiction Adventure Fantasy
398818 In 1980s Italy a relationship begins between seventeen-year-old teenage Elio and the older adult man hired as his father's research assistant. based on novel or book upper class italy swimming pool coming of age love breaking the fourth wall summer teenage boy masturbation first love lgbt jewish family 1980s peach gay theme Romance Drama
887357 Recently discharged Marine sniper John Stewart is at a crossroads in his life one which is only complicated by receiving an extraterrestrial ring which grants him the powers of the Green Lantern of Earth. Unfortunately the ring doesn't come with instructions - but it does come with baggage like a horde of interplanetary killers bent on eliminating every Green Lantern in the universe. Now with the aid of the light-hearted Green Arrow Adam Strange and Hawkgirl this reluctant soldier must journey into the heart of a galactic Rann/Thanagar war and somehow succeed where all other Green Lanterns have failed. superhero alien planet fictional war magical object super power ex marine superhero team Animation Action Science Fiction
"16869 In Nazi-occupied France during World War II a group of Jewish-American soldiers known as ""The Basterds"" are chosen specifically to spread fear throughout the Third Reich by scalping and brutally killing Nazis. The Basterds lead by Lt. Aldo Raine soon cross paths with a French-Jewish teenage girl who runs a movie theater in Paris which is targeted by the soldiers. paris france guerrilla warfare self sacrifice dynamite mexican standoff world war ii jew persecution nazi masochism sadism anti semitism swastika german occupation of france british politics adolf hitler Drama Thriller War"
1366 An uneducated collector for a Philadelphia loan shark is given a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity to fight against the world heavyweight boxing champion. underdog philadelphia pennsylvania transporter love of one's life italian american sports fight independence publicity boxer training lovers world champion victory surprise boxing Drama
49519 The prehistoric Croods family live in a particularly dangerous moment in time. Patriarch Grug his mate Ugga teenage daughter Eep son Thunk and feisty Gran gather food by day and huddle together in a cave at night. When a more evolved caveman named Guy arrives on the scene Grug is distrustful but it soon becomes apparent that Guy is correct about the impending destruction of their world. parent child relationship stone age daughter father prehistoric ancient world family cavemen aftercreditsstinger duringcreditsstinger pets Animation Adventure Family Fantasy Comedy Action
11836 There's trouble brewing in Bikini Bottom. Someone has stolen King Neptune's crown and it looks like Mr. Krab SpongeBob's boss is the culprit. Though he's just been passed over for the promotion of his dreams SpongeBob stands by his boss and along with his best pal Patrick sets out on a treacherous mission to Shell City to reclaim the crown and save Mr. Krab's life. sea ocean falsely accused villain squid live action and animation based on tv series admiring adoring approving Family Animation Comedy Fantasy Adventure
9732 The circle of life continues for Simba now fully grown and in his rightful place as the king of Pride Rock. Simba and Nala have given birth to a daughter Kiara who's as rebellious as her father was. But Kiara drives her parents to distraction when she catches the eye of Kovu the son of the evil lioness Zira. Will Kovu steal Kiara's heart? africa baby lion friendship father daughter relationship Family Adventure Animation Action
404250 While the battle to determine the next king of the demon realm has often been fraught the rules were always clear.  100 demon children partnered with 100 humans would challenge each other using 100 magical books.  What none of them knew was that there was a 101st magical book powerful enough to stop any of the others.  Gash and Kiyomaro must begin a journey that will take them into the demon realm to confront the mysteries of Gash's past.  But will they escape in time to help their friends in a battle with a seemingly unstoppable enemy? nan Comedy Animation Adventure Action
9806 Bob Parr has given up his superhero days to log in time as an insurance adjuster and raise his three children with his formerly heroic wife in suburbia. But when he receives a mysterious assignment it's time to get back into costume. secret identity hero island wretch cartoon lawsuit superhero family relationships super power 1950s 1960s superhero family Action Adventure Animation Family
554751 About the legendary Mexican band Los Tigres del Norte and the historical and controversial themes that they approach in several of their most representative corridos. The brothers Hernández and Óscar Lara open in front of the cameras and tell us about the birth and development of their group. nan Documentary
409502 Based on the inspiring and powerful true story and journal entries of Rachel Joy Scott- the first student killed in the Columbine High School shooting in 1999. christianity biography faith high school based on true story Drama
632357 Alice is young hearing-impaired girl who after a supposed visitation from the Virgin Mary is inexplicably able to hear speak and heal the sick. As word spreads and people from near and far flock to witness her miracles a disgraced journalist hoping to revive his career visits the small New England town to investigate. When terrifying events begin to happen all around he starts to question if these phenomena are the works of the Virgin Mary or something much more sinister. demon religious horror Horror Mystery
892527 King a trafficked lion cub escapes from the airport and takes refuge with Inès and Alex who then have the crazy idea of getting him back to Africa. Anything can happen when Max their kooky grandfather decides to join the adventure. pet family Adventure Comedy Family
648990 Responding to an urgent call for help a police officer becomes trapped by the evil spirits of a cursed house. haunted house Horror
50546 A plastic surgeon romancing a much younger schoolteacher enlists his loyal assistant to pretend to be his soon to be ex-wife in order to cover up a careless lie. When more lies backfire the assistant's kids become involved and everyone heads off for a weekend in Hawaii that will change all their lives.  A remake of Cactus Flower (1969). beach fictitious marriage blackmail plastic surgery marriage love beautiful woman lies Comedy Romance
568091 Driving cross-country Ray and his wife and daughter stop at a highway rest area where his daughter falls and breaks her arm. After a frantic rush to the hospital and a clash with the check-in nurse Ray is finally able to get her to a doctor. While the wife and daughter go downstairs for an MRI Ray exhausted passes out in a chair in the lobby. Upon waking up they have no record or knowledge of Ray's family ever being checked in. gun gas station hospital doctor police officer alcoholic accident Thriller
140607 Thirty years after defeating the Galactic Empire Han Solo and his allies face a new threat from the evil Kylo Ren and his army of Stormtroopers. android spacecraft space opera Adventure Action Science Fiction
673593 New student Cady Heron is welcomed into the top of the social food chain by the elite group of popular girls called ‘The Plastics’ ruled by the conniving queen bee Regina George and her minions Gretchen and Karen. However when Cady makes the major misstep of falling for Regina’s ex-boyfriend Aaron Samuels she finds herself prey in Regina’s crosshairs. As Cady sets to take down the group’s apex predator with the help of her outcast friends Janis and Damian she must learn how to stay true to herself while navigating the most cutthroat jungle of all: high school. high school musical illinois female friendship bullying based on play or musical kenya teen movie prom teenage girl homeschooling math teacher gossip intervention clique former best friend teen comedy based on movie public humiliation aftercreditsstinger woman director teenage romance high school rivalry teenage life manipulative friend math genius segregation musical comedy female bully dumb blonde high school romance baffled Comedy
424 The true story of how businessman Oskar Schindler saved over a thousand Jewish lives from the Nazis while they worked as slaves in his factory during World War II. based on novel or book factory concentration camp hero holocaust (shoah) ss (nazi schutzstaffel) world war ii ghetto jew persecution kraków poland auschwitz birkenau concentration camp industrialist nazi defense industry biography based on true story historical fiction black and white train poland weapons manufacturer Drama History War
763285 Decorated veteran Will Sharp desperate for money to cover his wife's medical bills asks for help from his adoptive brother Danny. A charismatic career criminal Danny instead offers him a score: the biggest bank heist in Los Angeles history: $32 million. ambulance remake car crash officer involved shooting los angeles california bank robbery veteran heist gone wrong bank heist police helicopter brother brother relationship Thriller
175112 Zarina a smart and ambitious dust-keeper fairy who’s captivated by Blue Pixie Dust and its endless possibilities flees Pixie Hollow and joins forces with the scheming pirates of Skull Rock who make her captain of their ship. Tinker Bell and her friends must embark on an epic adventure to find Zarina and together they go sword-to-sword with the band of pirates led by a cabin boy named James who’ll soon be known as Captain Hook himself. fairy fairy tale pirate curiosity duringcreditsstinger woman director Animation Family
788905 Tatiana is a journalist with a routine life in all its aspects and a recently failed love relationship. Motivated by her best friend she decides to make a stop and travel around Costa Rica to find herself and inner peace. nan Adventure Comedy Drama
118406 Sixteen years ago a mysterious masked ninja unleashes a powerful creature known as the Nine-Tailed Demon Fox on the Hidden Leaf Village Konoha killing many people. In response the Fourth Hokage Minato Namikaze and his wife Kushina Uzumaki the Demon Fox's living prison or Jinchūriki manage to seal the creature inside their newborn son Naruto Uzumaki. With the Tailed Beast sealed things continued as normal. However in the present day peace ended when a group of ninja called the Akatsuki attack Konoha under the guidance of Tobi the mysterious masked man behind Fox's rampage years ago who intends on executing his plan to rule the world by shrouding it in illusions. japan village love ninja fighting pervert alternate reality dead parents anime throwing star onsen Animation Fantasy Action
140300 While Po and his father are visiting a secret panda village an evil spirit threatens all of China forcing Po to form a ragtag army to fight back. martial arts kung fu china fighter village sequel panda anthropomorphism dragon wuxia woman director Action Adventure Animation Comedy Family
628900 After being involuntarily discharged from the U.S. Special Forces James Harper decides to support his family by joining a private contracting organization alongside his best friend and under the command of a fellow veteran. Overseas on a covert mission Harper must evade those trying to kill him while making his way back home. mission veteran airborne ranger Action Adventure Thriller
10527 Alex Marty and other zoo animals find a way to escape from Madagascar when the penguins reassemble a wrecked airplane. The precariously repaired craft stays airborne just long enough to make it to the African continent. There the New Yorkers encounter members of their own species for the first time. Africa proves to be a wild place but Alex and company wonder if it is better than their Central Park home. africa jealousy dance hunger lion zoo hippopotamus giraffe chimp penguin volcano madagascar airplane friendship cartoon zebra slapstick comedy sequel friends shark animal duringcreditsstinger lemur talking animals Family Adventure Animation Comedy
"670327 Makoto's grandfather was the principal of the great Onodera Academy and when he passed away he left Makoto and his school staff with one very important will - ""The one man who is able to seduce Makoto with his superb sexual techniques will be given the right to take over as Onodera Academy's new principal!"" Because of this ridiculous last request Makoto is now every faculty member's target for sexual harassment! Desperate to protect his virginity Makoto seeks help from his childhood friend (and the man who he has always loved) Kintaro. school based on manga pervertion lgbt anime erotic short film gay yaoi Romance Comedy Animation"
22803 A frustrated man decides to take justice into his own hands after a plea bargain sets one of his family's killers free. He targets not only the killer but also the district attorney and others involved in the deal. bomb philadelphia pennsylvania secret passage prison assassin deal investigation explosion justice criminal mastermind district attorney courtroom rape and revenge vigilantism vigilante justice Drama Crime Thriller
122906 The night after another unsatisfactory New Year's party Tim's father tells his son that the men in his family have always had the ability to travel through time. They can't change history but they can change what happens and has happened in their own lives. Thus begins the start of a lesson in learning to appreciate life itself as it is as it comes and most importantly the people living alongside us. london england parent child relationship time travel family secrets cornwall england love family second chance time manipulation celebratory Drama Romance Fantasy
46195 Captured by smugglers when he was just a hatchling a macaw named Blu never learned to fly and lives a happily domesticated life in Minnesota with his human friend Linda. Blu is thought to be the last of his kind but when word comes that Jewel a lone female lives in Rio de Janeiro Blu and Linda go to meet her. Animal smugglers kidnap Blu and Jewel but the pair soon escape and begin a perilous adventure back to freedom -- and Linda. rio de janeiro pet carnival parrot musical canary jungle samba animal duringcreditsstinger pets cartoon bird brazilian cinema Animation Adventure Comedy Family
"1367 After Rocky goes the distance with champ Apollo Creed both try to put the fight behind them and move on. Rocky settles down with Adrian but can't put his life together outside the ring while Creed seeks a rematch to restore his reputation. Soon enough the ""Master of Disaster"" and the ""Italian Stallion"" are set on a collision course for a climactic battle that is brutal and unforgettable. transporter coma husband wife relationship intensive care hero love of one's life publicity boxer training world champion victory sports hospital boxing Drama"
293863 After 29-year-old Adaline recovers from a nearly lethal accident she inexplicably stops growing older. As the years stretch on and on Adaline keeps her secret to herself  until she meets a man who changes her life. san francisco california immortality love forever Romance Fantasy Drama
188222 Movie star Vincent Chase together with his boys Eric Turtle and Johnny are back…and back in business with super agent-turned-studio head Ari Gold. Some of their ambitions have changed but the bond between them remains strong as they navigate the capricious and often cutthroat world of Hollywood. friendship alcohol show business nightclub celebrity rivalry womanizer film in film hollywood movie star aspiring actor financier entourage film production Comedy Drama
704264 Genndy Tartakovsky's Primal: Tales of Savagery features a caveman and a dinosaur on the brink of extinction. Bonded by tragedy this unlikely friendship becomes the only hope of survival. nan Action Adventure Animation Drama
"805411 Happily-ever-after continues for Auradon's power couple as they prepare to say ""I do"" at an epic celebration with their friends and family but Hades threatens to ruin it all. wedding animated wedding Animation TV Movie Comedy Family Drama"
944401 A boy bruised by life finds his salvation through the love of his dogs. abusive father singing dog gangsters dogs Action Drama Crime
773975 Recently widowed mom Brenda fights to protect her family during a harrowing road trip when a murder and a missing bag of cash plunge them into danger. nan Thriller Drama Crime
754934 When a young boy contracts a mysterious illness his mother must decide how far she will go to protect him from terrifying forces in her past. detective paranoia motel murder lucifer gore hospital doctor police officer illness satanic cult mother son relationship demonic cannibalism Horror Thriller
4233 Away at college Sidney thought she'd finally put the shocking murders that shattered her life behind her... until a copycat killer begins acting out a real-life sequel. mask college campus sequel slaughter serial killer slasher university self referential copycat killer Horror Mystery
369885 In 1942 an intelligence officer in North Africa encounters a female French Resistance fighter on a deadly mission behind enemy lines. When they reunite in London their relationship is tested by the pressures of war. nazi resistance spy world war ii past love couple north africa 1940s french woman Action Drama War Romance Thriller
404368 Video game bad guy Ralph and fellow misfit Vanellope von Schweetz must risk it all by traveling to the World Wide Web in search of a replacement part to save Vanellope's video game Sugar Rush. In way over their heads Ralph and Vanellope rely on the citizens of the internet — the netizens — to help navigate their way including an entrepreneur named Yesss who is the head algorithm and the heart and soul of trend-making site BuzzzTube. video game cartoon sequel internet lethal virus aftercreditsstinger duringcreditsstinger online gaming Family Animation Comedy Adventure
546554 When renowned crime novelist Harlan Thrombey is found dead at his estate just after his 85th birthday the inquisitive and debonair Detective Benoit Blanc is mysteriously enlisted to investigate. From Harlan's dysfunctional family to his devoted staff Blanc sifts through a web of red herrings and self-serving lies to uncover the truth behind Harlan's untimely death. detective massachusetts immigrant big family investigation mansion whodunit family home murder mystery neo noir privilege Comedy Crime Mystery
829920 The Chaldea Organization must deal with the Grand Temple of Solomon the King of Magic which has come to destroy the world. anime fate/grand order Animation Action Adventure Fantasy
843906 With Mystery Inc. on the tail of a strange object in Nowhere Kansas the strange hometown of Eustice Muriel and Courage the gang soon find themselves contending with a giant cicada monster and her winged warriors. monster friendship friends mystery crossover Animation Comedy Mystery Family Fantasy
146216 Retired C.I.A. agent Frank Moses reunites his unlikely team of elite operatives for a global quest to track down a missing portable nuclear device. london england central intelligence agency (cia) paris france england europe based on comic mi6 agent hired killer exploding airplane Action Comedy Crime Thriller
835739 From Goldilocks to Hansel and Gretel the Super Monsters reimagine classic fairy tales and favorite nursery rhymes with a musical magical spin! nan Animation
297762 An Amazon princess comes to the world of Man in the grips of the First World War to confront the forces of evil and bring an end to human conflict. hero greek mythology island feminism empowerment world war i strong woman superhero based on comic female protagonist period drama super power heroine woman director female empowerment 1910s dc extended universe (dceu) Action Adventure Fantasy
"307081 Billy ""The Great"" Hope the reigning junior middleweight boxing champion has an impressive career a loving wife and daughter and a lavish lifestyle. However when tragedy strikes Billy hits rock bottom losing his family his house and his manager. He soon finds an unlikely savior in Tick Willis a former fighter who trains the city's toughest amateur boxers. With his future on the line Hope fights to reclaim the trust of those he loves the most. sports fighter tragedy death boxing box ring father daughter relationship Action Drama"
13 A man with a low IQ has accomplished great things in his life and been present during significant historic events—in each case far exceeding what anyone imagined he could do. But despite all he has achieved his one true love eludes him. vietnam veteran hippie china washington dc usa single parent mentally disabled based on novel or book waitress usa president optimism parent child relationship 1970s autism drug addiction alabama vietnam war john f. kennedy black panther party ping pong bus stop friendship stripper bullying moon landing ronald reagan richard nixon cancer singer family relationships death of lover death illness leg brace physical abuse dying mother ill mother death of mother historical event military disability shrimping anti war protest low iq false history assassination attempt vietnam flashback intellectual disability 1960s mother son relationship monument valley child sexual abuse dying in arms ptsd elvis presley single mom disabled veteran war rally lyndon b. johnson dick cavett single dad ping pong diplomacy college football slow witted bob hope neil armstrong gerald ford robert f. kennedy Comedy Drama Romance
72105 John Bennett a man whose childhood wish of bringing his teddy bear to life came true now must decide between keeping the relationship with the bear or his girlfriend Lori. dream friendship love buddy teddy bear toy comes to life wishes come true Comedy Fantasy
"13179 Journey into the secret world of Pixie Hollow and hear Tinker Bell speak for the very first time as the astonishing story of Disney's most famous fairy is finally revealed in the all-new motion picture ""Tinker Bell."" fairy spring gardening Animation Family Adventure Fantasy"
423204 After a treacherous attack Secret Service agent Mike Banning is charged with attempting to assassinate President Trumbull. Chased by his own colleagues and the FBI Banning begins a race against the clock to clear his name. usa president sequel secret service framed for a crime terrorist plot assassination attempt survivalism u.s. secret service agent manhunt father son relationship Action Thriller
800741 What if you could answer any question and eliminate all doubts before making the most important decision of your life? What if by some sort of magic you could live your life pursuing your wildest and deepest desires? That’s what’s about to happen to Andrea a thirty-year-old man on the eve of his wedding with Laura the girl he met in college and with whom he built a life together. Andrea starts waking up everyday in a different life and a different self in realities where he and Laura never got together in the first place. Exploring the many paths his life could have lead him on to from unapologetic womanizer to acclaimed musician Andrea will have to face the void Laura’s absence left in his many different “iterations”. Will he try to break the spell? nan Comedy Romance Fantasy
10882 A beautiful princess born in a faraway kingdom is destined by a terrible curse to prick her finger on the spindle of a spinning wheel and fall into a deep sleep that can only be awakened by true love's first kiss. Determined to protect her her parents ask three fairies to raise her in hiding. But the evil Maleficent is just as determined to seal the princess's fate. princess magic kingdom fairy tale sleep fairy prince castle kiss musical knight dragon dungeon based on fairy tale Fantasy Animation Romance Family
926899 Across different eras a poor family an anxious developer and a fed-up landlady become tied to the same mysterious house in this animated dark comedy. surreal stop motion dark comedy Animation Drama Comedy Horror Fantasy
93456 Gru is recruited by the Anti-Villain League to help deal with a powerful new super criminal. parent child relationship adoptive father secret agent bakery sequel falling in love family single father audition female agent duringcreditsstinger first date supervillain despicable masked supervillain illumination minions Animation Comedy Family
864370 Inspired by a true story of a family who believed they were possessed by spirits this film follows a woman who must protect her child from a curse.  WARNING: This is a cursed video it might contain certain risks to watch. For those who dares to follow please solve the puzzle of my daughter's curse with me. curse cult horror found footage Horror
588228 The world is stunned when a group of time travelers arrive from the year 2051 to deliver an urgent message: Thirty years in the future mankind is losing a global war against a deadly alien species. The only hope for survival is for soldiers and civilians from the present to be transported to the future and join the fight. Among those recruited is high school teacher and family man Dan Forester. Determined to save the world for his young daughter Dan teams up with a brilliant scientist and his estranged father in a desperate quest to rewrite the fate of the planet. world cup time travel global warming glacier alien alien invasion military future war father son reunion hope for future changing the past or future message from the future father son relationship father daughter relationship world war Action Science Fiction Adventure
385128 Dominic Toretto and his crew battle the most skilled assassin and high-performance driver they've ever encountered: his forsaken brother. speed family relationships sequel duringcreditsstinger fast car brother brother relationship Action Adventure Crime
10112 When Madame Adelaide Bonfamille leaves her fortune to Duchess and her children—Bonfamille’s beloved family of cats—the butler plots to steal the money and kidnaps the legatees leaving them out on a country road. All seems lost until the wily Thomas O’Malley Cat and his jazz-playing alley cats come to the aristocats’ rescue. paris france return butler suspension inheritance cartoon cat kitten 1910s cartoon goose Animation Comedy Family Adventure
886755 Lucio a prestigious university professor takes the position of substitute teacher at a high school in the suburbs of Buenos Aires where he grew up. Through tales novels and poetry he tries to distract his class from the harsh reality of their everyday lives. But soon he must step out of his professional duties when Dilan one of his students is threatened by a local drug kingpin. nan Drama Crime
18239 Forks Washington resident Bella Swan is reeling from the departure of her vampire love Edward Cullen and finds comfort in her friendship with Jacob Black a werewolf. But before she knows it she's thrust into a centuries-old conflict and her desire to be with Edward at any cost leads her to take greater and greater risks. moon based on novel or book vampire teen movie werewolf interspecies romance based on young adult novel supernatural power good versus evil vampire human love Adventure Fantasy Drama Romance
481084 The Addams family's lives begin to unravel when they face-off against a treacherous greedy crafty reality-TV host while also preparing for their extended family to arrive for a major celebration. black humor cartoon family addams family Family Animation Comedy Fantasy Horror
850165 The true story of the inseparable Von Erich brothers who made history in the intensely competitive world of professional wrestling in the early 1980s. Through tragedy and triumph under the shadow of their domineering father and coach the brothers seek larger-than-life immortality on the biggest stage in sports. sports wrestling biography based on true story male mental health Drama
1771 During World War II Steve Rogers is a sickly man from Brooklyn who's transformed into super-soldier Captain America to aid in the war effort. Rogers must stop the Red Skull – Adolf Hitler's ruthless head of weaponry and the leader of an organization that intends to use a mysterious device of untold powers for world domination. new york city nazi superhero world war ii heroism shield based on comic super soldier period drama brooklyn new york city aftercreditsstinger marvel cinematic universe (mcu) origin story soldiers war Action Adventure Science Fiction
57800 Manny Diego and Sid embark upon another adventure after their continent is set adrift. Using an iceberg as a ship they encounter sea creatures and battle pirates as they explore a new world. sequel seal (animal) prehistoric times melting ice floating ice land bridge era glaciale deriva Animation Comedy Adventure Family
181812 The surviving Resistance faces the First Order once again as the journey of Rey Finn and Poe Dameron continues. With the power and knowledge of generations behind them the final battle begins. space opera Adventure Action Science Fiction
568620 After saving the life of their heir apparent tenacious loner Snake Eyes is welcomed into an ancient Japanese clan called the Arashikage where he is taught the ways of the ninja warrior. But when secrets from his past are revealed Snake Eyes' honor and allegiance will be tested – even if that means losing the trust of those closest to him. prequel based on cartoon ninja based on toy spin off origin of hero gi joe female fighter action hero female warrior based on tv series Action Adventure
662708 In the Forest of Okoya Koko is a feral child who has been raised as a Pokémon by the Mythical Pokémon Zarude. Koko has grown up never doubting that he is a Pokémon even though he can't really use any sort of moves. Ash Ketchum and Pikachu meet Koko and help him protect the Great Tree from the crooked scientist Dr. Zed. pocket monsters based on video game anime Animation Adventure Family Science Fiction Action Fantasy
77338 A true story of two men who should never have met – a quadriplegic aristocrat who was injured in a paragliding accident and a young man from the projects. male friendship masseuse friendship based on true story aristocrat paragliding interracial friendship unlikely friendship duringcreditsstinger quadriplegic quadriplegia Drama Comedy
506574 The teenagers of Disney's most infamous villains return to the Isle of the Lost to recruit a new batch of villainous offspring to join them at Auradon Prep. magic musical family Family TV Movie Music Adventure Fantasy
643274 In a deserted salon female hair designer Se-jeong quits and the salon is at risk. Jeong-soo the owner takes measures to overcome this hardship! He hires special male designers with 'special services'. Lonely women in the neighborhood soon hear about this and start swarming into the salon. softcore Romance
10567 An orphaned dinosaur raised by lemurs joins an arduous trek to a sancturary after a meteorite shower destroys his family home. cataclysm asteroid leader villain comet migration prehistory prehistoric creature dinosaur birth death nesting grounds cavern lemur mesozoic Animation Family Adventure
396535 When a zombie virus pushes Korea into a state of emergency those trapped on an express train to Busan must fight for their own survival. zombie train survival horror busan south korea south korea Horror Thriller Adventure Action
11351 When their bus is crippled on the side of a deserted road a team of high school athletes discover an opponent they cannot defeat – and may not survive. Staring hungrily at them through the school bus windows The Creeper returns again and again. But when the teammates discover that it’s selective about whom it attacks it will test their ability to stick together – as the insatiable menace tries to tear them apart! parent child relationship monster scarecrow peasant farm immortality mythical creature father high school sports revenge high school student school bus Horror
15165 In her first animated musical featuring seven original songs Barbie comes to life in this modern re-telling of a classic tale of mistaken identity and the power of friendship. Based on the story by Mark Twain. musical princess based on toy Animation Family Comedy
1637 Jack Traven an LAPD cop on SWAT detail and veteran SWAT officer Harry Temple thwart an extortionist-bomber's scheme for a $3 million ransom. As they corner the bomber he flees and detonates a bomb vest seemingly killing himself. Weeks later Jack witnesses a mass transit city bus explode and nearby a pay phone rings. On the phone is that same bomber looking for vengeance and the money he's owed. He gives a personal challenge to Jack: a bomb is rigged on another city bus - if it slows down below 50 mph it will explode - bad enough any day but a nightmare in LA traffic. And that's just the beginning... bomb s.w.a.t. bus bomber bus ride highway los angeles california explosion police officer trapped bomb planting terrorist attack lapd ransom demand elevator extortionist passengers life or death terror city bus Action Adventure Crime
637 A touching story of an Italian book seller of Jewish ancestry who lives in his own little fairy tale. His creative and happy life would come to an abrupt halt when his entire family is deported to a concentration camp during World War II. While locked up he tries to convince his son that the whole thing is just a game. italy riddle loss of loved one bookshop self sacrifice mass murder concentration camp fascism world war ii love of one's life deportation jew persecution nazi national socialism charade riding a bicycle story teller concentration camp prisoner dying and death Comedy Drama
718867 Back at home Chuck relates the island shenanigans of his larva pals Red and Yellow to a skeptical reporter in this movie sequel to the hit cartoon. island lava wild animal larvae Animation Family
1573 Off-duty cop John McClane is gripped with a feeling of déjà vu when on a snowy Christmas Eve in the nation’s capital terrorists seize a major international airport holding thousands of holiday travelers hostage. Renegade military commandos led by a murderous rogue officer plot to rescue a drug lord from justice and are prepared for every contingency except one: McClane’s smart-mouthed heroics. journalist helicopter airport based on novel or book ambush hand grenade fistfight cop sequel snow shootout officer involved shooting los angeles california terrorism explosion church sabotage commando walkie talkie air traffic control christmas snowmobile action hero Action Thriller
527641 Seventeen-year-old Stella spends most of her time in the hospital as a cystic fibrosis patient. Her life is full of routines boundaries and self-control — all of which get put to the test when she meets Will an impossibly charming teen who has the same illness. There's an instant flirtation though restrictions dictate that they must maintain a safe distance between them. As their connection intensifies so does the temptation to throw the rules out the window and embrace that attraction. forbidden love falling in love cystic fibrosis star crossed lovers true love Romance Drama
770906 In the city of Khansaar Raja Mannar plans to make his son Vardharaja Mannar his successor but Raja Mannar's ministers and advisors plan a coup d'état by hiring armies from Russia and Serbia to attack and kill Vardha and Raja. Vardha along with his brother and a few trusted men manage to escape from Khansaar. Vardha goes to his childhood best friend Deva who learns about his predicament and sets out to make him the undisputed successor of Khansaar. nan Action Crime Thriller
801335 Sara is a teen girl who is looking forward to her 18th birthday to move away from her controlling father Don. But before she could even blow out the candles Don imprisons her in the basement of their home. imprisonment based on true story basement controlling parent Crime Thriller TV Movie
22832 Ninja Assassin follows Raizo one of the deadliest assassins in the world. Taken from the streets as a child he was transformed into a trained killer by the Ozunu Clan a secret society whose very existence is considered a myth. But haunted by the merciless execution of his friend by the Clan Raizo breaks free from them and vanishes. Now he waits preparing to exact his revenge. assassination martial arts assassin ninja fighter stick fighting sensei revenge ninja gore bloody fight chop socky ninjutsu kusarigama Action Thriller
"8913 Dr. Louis Creed's family moves into the country house of their dreams and discover a pet cemetery at the back of their property. The cursed burial ground deep in the woods brings the dead back to life -- with ""minor"" problems. At first only the family's cat makes the return trip but an accident forces a heartbroken father to contemplate the unthinkable. based on novel or book funeral parent child relationship coffin pet villain head injury resurrection woods grief zombie new neighbor pet cemetery dead cat death of patient loss of pet dead lover ghost grave robbing indian burial ground woman director pets supernatural horror Horror Drama"
923667 Set in the 1980s troubled youth Chan Lok-kwun accidentally enters the Walled City discovers the order amidst its chaos and learns important life lessons along the way. In the Walled City he becomes close friends with Shin Twelfth Master and AV. Under the leadership of Cyclone they resist against the invasion of villain Mr. Big in a series of fierce battles. Together they vow to protect the safe haven that is Kowloon Walled City. martial arts kung fu based on comic based on manhwa Action Crime Thriller
345 After Dr. Bill Harford's wife Alice admits to having sexual fantasies about a man she met Bill becomes obsessed with having a sexual encounter. He discovers an underground sexual group and attends one of their meetings -- and quickly discovers that he is in over his head. new york city prostitute based on novel or book sexual obsession sacrifice christmas party eroticism orgy masked ball secret society cult marijuana conspiracy mansion lust drugs disguise illegal prostitution sexual desire voyeurism erotic thriller sex party marital crisis relationships costume shop hooker Drama Thriller Mystery
9637 When the Mystery Inc. gang is invited to Spooky Island a popular amusement park they soon discover that the attractions aren't the only things that are spooky. Strange things are happening and it's up to Scooby Shaggy Fred Daphne and Velma to uncover the truth behind the mysterious happenings. voodoo amateur detective talking dog based on cartoon resort criminal investigation theme park Mystery Adventure Comedy
595172 An epic journey faithfully adapted to modern-day. Christian faces distractions challenges and perils at every turn of the way. But ends victorious with helpful guides as he stays on the narrow path to the distant Celestial City. nan Animation Adventure
259694 New York City is full of lonely hearts seeking the right match and what Alice Robin Lucy Meg Tom and David all have in common is the need to learn how to be single in a world filled with ever-evolving definitions of love. new york city based on novel or book one night stand single Comedy Romance
87 After arriving in India Indiana Jones is asked by a desperate village to find a mystical stone. He agrees – and stumbles upon a secret cult plotting a terrible plan in the catacombs of an ancient palace. treasure skeleton wind elephant heart riddle crocodile bridge treasure hunt torture india monkey archaeologist conveyor belt child driving car mine car rope bridge splits adventurer archeology 1930s Adventure Action
611812 A room salon isn't doing well. There's only Min-joo on duty. One day a beautiful girl called Joo-hee comes looking for a job and Min-joo and her boss gets her to work as a call-girl. The store soon becomes famous for its luxurious treatment and service and sales increase. The owner suggests they move up to Gangnam and they all get excited... softcore Romance
345887 Robert McCall who serves an unflinching justice for the exploited and oppressed embarks on a relentless globe-trotting quest for vengeance when a long-time girl friend is murdered. rape cia martial arts hostage kidnapping hurricane drug dealer sequel revenge murder gang massacre elite forces vigilante justice Action Thriller Crime
714339 A day in the life of Azucena who is running out of time to keep herself and her family from being evicted; Rafael a lawyer who sets out to reunite a mother with her daughter; and Teodora a sick old woman who searches for her long-lost son before it is too late. mexican revolution family drama broken family revolutionaries latin american revolution revolutionary girl Drama
458156 Super-assassin John Wick returns with a $14 million price tag on his head and an army of bounty-hunting killers on his trail. After killing a member of the shadowy international assassin’s guild the High Table John Wick is excommunicado but the world’s most ruthless hit men and women await his every turn. new york city martial arts bratva (russian mafia) casablanca morocco secret society morocco secret organization black humor sahara desert sequel organized crime one man army consequences aggressive professional assassin baba yaga dog man friendship defiant Action Thriller Crime
705996 From a mountain peak in South Korea a man plummets to his death. Did he jump or was he pushed? When detective Hae-joon arrives on the scene he begins to suspect the dead man’s wife Seo-rae. But as he digs deeper into the investigation he finds himself trapped in a web of deception and desire. sea detective mountain language barrier forbidden love widow investigation police secret love foreign language love audio recording phone mountain climbing murder mystery murder suspect busan south korea south korea police procedural Thriller Crime Mystery Drama Romance
558144 Deadpool sees an opportunity to save the day but it doesn't go entirely as planned. superhero superhero spoof mugging short film Action Comedy Crime
481880 The tragic and controversial story of Cameron Todd Willingham who was executed in Texas for killing his three children after scientific evidence and expert testimony that bolstered his claims of innocence were suppressed. falsely accused texas biography based on true story trial arson based on magazine newspaper or article death of a child Drama Crime
260513 Elastigirl springs into action to save the day while Mr. Incredible faces his greatest challenge yet – taking care of the problems of his three children. married couple cartoon sequel superhero parenting family super power Action Adventure Animation Family
940139 An odyssey through time and memory centered around a place in New England where—from wilderness and then later from a home—love loss struggle hope and legacy play out between couples and families over generations. based on graphic novel Drama
50619 The new found married bliss of Bella Swan and vampire Edward Cullen is cut short when a series of betrayals and misfortunes threatens to destroy their world. based on novel or book vampire hybrid teen movie werewolf supernatural creature dead duringcreditsstinger based on young adult novel Adventure Fantasy Romance
217 Set during the Cold War the Soviets—led by sword-wielding Irina Spalko—are in search of a crystal skull which has supernatural powers related to a mystical Lost City of Gold. Indy is coerced to head to Peru at the behest of a young man whose friend—and Indy's colleague—Professor Oxley has been captured for his knowledge of the skull's whereabouts. treasure mexico city mexico saving the world whip leather jacket riddle maya civilization peru machinegun treasure hunt alien nuclear explosion refrigerator archaeologist adventurer area 51 archeology 1950s father son relationship Adventure Action
336843 Thomas leads his group of escaped Gladers on their final and most dangerous mission yet. To save their friends they must break into the legendary Last City a WCKD-controlled labyrinth that may turn out to be the deadliest maze of all. Anyone who makes it out alive will get answers to the questions the Gladers have been asking since they first arrived in the maze. based on novel or book fight maze imprisonment post apocalyptic future terminal illness sequel murder mad scientist survival trial zombie doctor battle vaccine scientist killer desert labyrinth combat illness cure zombie apocalypse runner universal cure based on young adult novel Science Fiction Action Adventure Thriller
489430 Police commissioner Funes and three researchers of supernatural phenomena investigate inexplicable events that are occurring in the suburbs of Buenos Aires. buenos aires argentina haunted house suburbia argentina paranormal investigation Horror
920 Lightning McQueen a hotshot rookie race car driven to succeed discovers that life is about the journey not the finish line when he finds himself unexpectedly detoured in the sleepy Route 66 town of Radiator Springs. On route across the country to the big Piston Cup Championship in California to compete against two seasoned pros McQueen gets to know the town's offbeat characters. friendship car race sports villain success route 66 porsche retirement road trip anthropomorphism rural area los angeles california aftercreditsstinger duringcreditsstinger dedication Animation Adventure Comedy Family
109428 Five young friends find the mysterious and fiercely powerful Book of the Dead and unable to resist its temptation release a violent demon on a bloodthirsty quest to possess them all. sequel zombie demon survival horror book of the dead necronomicon interracial friendship duringcreditsstinger supernatural power legacy sequel Horror
"559800 Dragon Ball Z: The Real 4-D is a cinematic attraction at Universal Studios Japan as part of ""Universal Jump Summer"". The attraction features a new installment in the Dragon Ball series which primarily depicts a CG animation of Goku vs. Frieza presented as a 4D attraction. The event was held from July 1 to September 4 alongside similar attractions based on One Piece and Death Note. nan Adventure Animation Comedy"
587807 Tom the cat and Jerry the mouse get kicked out of their home and relocate to a fancy New York hotel where a scrappy employee named Kayla will lose her job if she can’t evict Jerry before a high-class wedding at the hotel. Her solution? Hiring Tom to get rid of the pesky mouse. aftercreditsstinger live action and animation Comedy Family Animation
"2758 Siblings Wednesday and Pugsley Addams will stop at nothing to get rid of Pubert the new baby boy adored by parents Gomez and Morticia. Things go from bad to worse when the new ""black widow"" nanny Debbie Jellinsky launches her plan to add Fester to her collection of dead husbands. sibling relationship jealousy baby butler yuppie nanny thanksgiving summer camp guillotine uncle Comedy Family Fantasy"
9837 The strong bond between two brothers is challenged when their chosen responsibilities sets them at odds with extraordinary consequences. egypt moses kingdom pyramid exodus musical governance ancient egypt pharaoh woman director passover inspirational powerful Adventure Animation Drama Family
576925 A scandal in the royal family: the wayward princess Barbara escaped from the palace and went through the forest in search of a handsome prince. However instead of the cherished meeting with her beloved she is captured by Buka the most dangerous robber of the kingdom. But it quickly becomes clear that the brisk princess is ready to turn Buka's life into a nightmare just to reach her goal. So the restless Varvara begins to establish her own order in the forest. nan Animation Adventure Family
846094 Short on cash and a place to live a woman agrees to let an old upper-class couple takes care of her and her unborn child not knowing they have a more sinister plan that involves their only son. unplanned pregnancy Drama Horror Mystery
894169 When his daughter is murdered William Duncan takes the law into his own hands setting out on a quest for retribution. After killing the street thug responsible for her death he finds himself in the middle of a war with the thug's brother father and their gang who are equally hell-bent on getting even. What ensues is a tense back-and-forth game of vengeance. By the end William comes to find that the quest for revenge never has a winner. murder revenge killing Action
913205 With the help of an ancient Kryptonian power Lex Luthor unites the world’s Super-Villains to capture all of Earth's Super Heroes until…only the DC Super Hero Girls are left to stop the Legion of Doom. Our heroes must cross dimensions to rescue their fellow Super Heroes from the Phantom Zone but a fortuitous wrong turn leads them to Titans Tower – where they find much-needed allies in the Teen Titans! multiverse Animation Action Comedy
10009 When an impulsive boy named Kenai is magically transformed into a bear he must literally walk in another's footsteps until he learns some valuable life lessons. His courageous and often zany journey introduces him to a forest full of wildlife including the lovable bear cub Koda hilarious moose Rutt and Tuke woolly mammoths and rambunctious rams. sibling relationship grizzly bear inuit transformation friendship bear sibling rivalry turns into animal unlikely friendship aftercreditsstinger duringcreditsstinger animal lead brother bear bjørne brødre Adventure Animation Family
787781 A brilliant but tightly wound gameshow-obsessed young woman Anne and her estranged train-wreck of a sister Jenny must work together to help cover their mother’s gambling debts. When Anne’s beloved dog is kidnapped they set out on a wild cross-country trek to get the cash the only way they know how: by turning Anne into a bona-fide gameshow champion. sister sister relationship quiz show Comedy
299963 In this OVA Goku and his friends pose questions for the viewers about the Dragon Ball series. anime Action Animation Adventure
56292 Ethan Hunt and his team are racing against time to track down a dangerous terrorist named Hendricks who has gained access to Russian nuclear launch codes and is planning a strike on the United States. An attempt to stop him ends in an explosion causing severe destruction to the Kremlin and the IMF to be implicated in the bombing forcing the President to disavow them. No longer being aided by the government Ethan and his team chase Hendricks around the globe although they might still be too late to stop a disaster. assassin budapest hungary skyscraper secret intelligence service sandstorm seattle washington satellite mumbai (bombay) india secret agent car crash sequel prison escape dubai billionaire terrorism disguise bombing jet nuclear threat moscow russia field agent analyst nuclear submarine kremlin disavowed based on tv series nuclear launch codes burj khalifa scaling a building Action Thriller Adventure
622082 Two men in a gay men's rugby club must conceal an adulterous affair they unwittingly fall into before it leads to the collapse of the delicate social and political fabric of the club. adultery rugby cheat on husband lgbt athlete lgbt gay theme gay Drama Romance
62211 A look at the relationship between Mike and Sulley during their days at Monsters University — when they weren't necessarily the best of friends. monster training camp dormitory friendship games prequel feud bully best friend university fraternity aftercreditsstinger college student personification Animation Family
249397 The continuation of Joe's sexually dictated life delves into the darker aspects of her adult life and what led to her being in Seligman's care. sexuality bondage whip gun masochism sex therapy chapter sadomasochism sequel love nymphomaniac romance loneliness tragedy sexual violence masturbation therapy bdsm addict story telling sexual pleasure sexually aggressive woman unhappy pleasure virginity abortion extreme pain sex Drama Mystery
24752 After defeating Frieza Goku returns to Earth and goes on a camping trip with Gohan and Krillin. Everything is normal until Cooler - Frieza's brother - sends three henchmen after Goku. A long fight ensues between our heroes and Cooler in which he transforms into the fourth stage of his evolution and has the edge in the fight... until Goku transforms into a Super Saiyan. martial arts alien based on manga anime Action Animation Science Fiction
296099 Hoping to bring his family closer together and to recreate his childhood vacation for his own kids a grown up Rusty Griswold takes his wife and their two sons on a cross-country road trip to the coolest theme park in America Walley World. Needless to say things don't go quite as planned. route 66 grand canyon vacation road trip sequel dysfunctional family family vacation truck driver amusement park roller coaster theme park bipolar disorder plano texas airplane pilot Comedy
10681 WALL·E is the last robot left on an Earth that has been overrun with garbage and all humans have fled to outer space. For 700 years he has continued to try and clean upthe mess but has developed some rather interesting human-like qualities. When a ship arrives witha sleek new type ofrobot WALL·E thinks he's finally found a friend and stows away on the ship when it leaves. garbage space travel dystopia loneliness distant future robot aftercreditsstinger duringcreditsstinger Animation Family Science Fiction
"1271 Based on Frank Miller's graphic novel ""300"" is very loosely based the 480 B.C. Battle of Thermopylae where the King of Sparta led his army against the advancing Persians; the battle is said to have inspired all of Greece to band together against the Persians and helped usher in the world's first democracy. epic army narration blood splatter gore based on comic sword fight massacre ancient world based on graphic novel ancient greece warrior ancient warfare sparta greece 5th century bc war male protagonist bloody death sparta spartans battle of thermopylae god king battle axe Action Adventure War"
630004 When an engineer learns of a mysterious impenetrable fortress hidden under The Bank of Spain he joins a crew of master thieves who plan to steal the legendary lost treasure locked inside while the whole country is distracted by Spain's World Cup Final. With thousands of soccer fans cheering in the streets and security forces closing in the crew have just minutes to pull off the score of a lifetime. spain bank world cup plan engineer assault heist treasure heist Crime Action Thriller
11036 An epic love story centered around an older man who reads aloud to a woman with Alzheimer's. From a faded notebook the old man's words bring to life the story about a couple who is separated by World War II and is then passionately reunited seven years later after they have taken different paths. poem based on novel or book river sadness fight love of one's life dementia class secret love tears candle mailbox Romance Drama
489 Will Hunting has a genius-level IQ but chooses to work as a janitor at MIT. When he solves a difficult graduate-level math problem his talents are discovered by Professor Gerald Lambeau who decides to help the misguided youth reach his potential. When Will is arrested for attacking a police officer Professor Lambeau makes a deal to get leniency for him if he will get treatment from therapist Sean Maguire. baseball boston massachusetts professor harvard university male friendship ambition mathematics genius love friends flashback janitor psychologist university courtroom prodigy math genius Drama
821881 From war-torn Syria to the 2016 Rio Olympics two young sisters embark on a risky voyage putting their hearts and their swimming skills to heroic use. refugee olympian sports team biography based on true story survival sisters Drama History
629015 A young single mother is held captive along with her two children by a violent ex and must plot their escape before it’s too late. nan Thriller Horror Drama
"9325 The boy Mowgli makes his way to the man-village with Bagheera the wise panther. Along the way he meets jazzy King Louie the hypnotic snake Kaa and the lovable happy-go-lucky bear Baloo who teaches Mowgli ""The Bare Necessities"" of life and the true meaning of friendship. based on novel or book narration human animal relationship musical feral child jungle anthropomorphism orphan india animal lead Family Animation Adventure"
189349 Naruto faces off against his old pupil Konohamaru in a tournament during the chuunin entrance exams. anime Animation Action
741074 The previously untold origins of Olaf the innocent and insightful summer-loving snowman are revealed as we follow Olaf’s first steps as he comes to life and searches for his identity in the snowy mountains outside Arendelle. holiday snowman christmas short film Animation Family Comedy Fantasy
679 When Ripley's lifepod is found by a salvage crew over 50 years later she finds that terra-formers are on the very planet they found the alien species. When the company sends a family of colonists out to investigate her story—all contact is lost with the planet and colonists. They enlist Ripley and the colonial marines to return and search for answers. android extraterrestrial technology space marine spaceman cryogenics vacuum space colony warrior woman settler space travel colony space alien female protagonist creature desolate female hero xenomorph desolate planet strong female protagonist strong female lead female lead Action Thriller Science Fiction
1885 Daniel a fatherless teenager arrives in Los Angeles and becomes the object of bullying by a gang of karate students when he strikes up a relationship with Ali the gang leader’s ex-girlfriend so Daniel asks Miyagi a master of martial arts to help him learn karate. high school martial arts sports taskmaster flat cheerleader karate teen movie los angeles california martial arts tournament mentor protégé relationship Action Family Drama
823766 Haunted by her past a nurse travels from England to a remote Irish village in 1862 to investigate a young girl's supposedly miraculous fast. based on novel or book 19th century 1800s Drama Mystery
8922 A brother and sister driving home through an isolated countryside from college encounter a flesh-eating creature in the midst of its ritualistic eating spree. monster mass murder brother sister aftercreditsstinger cross country trip rural Horror Thriller
496243 All unemployed Ki-taek's family takes peculiar interest in the wealthy and glamorous Parks for their livelihood until they get entangled in an unexpected incident. birthday party private lessons basement dark comedy con artist working class psychological thriller class differences housekeeper tutor family crime family unemployed wealthy family south korea seoul south korea Comedy Thriller Drama
1579 Set in the Mayan civilization when a man's idyllic presence is brutally disrupted by a violent invading force he is taken on a perilous journey to a world ruled by fear and oppression where a harrowing end awaits him. Through a twist of fate and spurred by the power of his love for his woman and his family he will make a desperate break to return home and to ultimately save his way of life. loss of loved one solar eclipse slavery village maya civilization forest tribe native american human sacrifice central america ancient civilization 16th century ancient language film Action Drama History
785985 Ousmane Diakité and François Monge are two cops with very different styles backgrounds and careers. The unlikely pair are reunited once again for a new investigation that takes them across France. What seemed to be a simple drug deal turns out to be a much bigger criminal case wrapped in danger and unexpected comedy. nan Comedy Action
321612 A live-action adaptation of Disney's version of the classic tale of a cursed prince and a beautiful young woman who helps him break the spell. france magic fairy tale transformation cartoon castle musical remake curse creature 18th century beast live action and animation live action remake Family Fantasy Romance
631843 A group of families on a tropical holiday discover that the secluded beach where they are staying is somehow causing them to age rapidly – reducing their entire lives into a single day. beach time warp time murder family based on graphic novel family holiday sickness time manipulation human experiment medical experiment experimental drug secret experiment Thriller Mystery Horror
672322 Before he was a protector Kenshin was a fearsome assassin known as Battosai. But when he meets gentle Tomoe Yukishiro a beautiful young woman who carries a huge burden in her heart his life will change forever. japan samurai based on manga samurai sword shinsengumi live action anime Action Adventure Drama
43347 Maggie is an alluring free spirit who won't let anyone – or anything – tie her down. But she meets her match in Jamie whose relentless and nearly infallible charm serves him well with the ladies and the cutthroat world of pharmaceutical sales. Maggie and Jamie's evolving relationship takes them both by surprise as they find themselves under the influence of the ultimate drug: love. letter love viagra sexual freedom free spirit Drama Comedy Romance
10830 An extraordinarily intelligent young girl from a cruel and uncaring family discovers she possesses telekinetic powers and is sent off to a school headed by a tyrannical principal. based on novel or book parent child relationship difficult childhood telekinesis child prodigy childhood trauma school teacher student relationship schoolmarm based on young adult novel Comedy Family Fantasy
1724 Scientist Bruce Banner scours the planet for an antidote to the unbridled force of rage within him: the Hulk. But when the military masterminds who dream of exploiting his powers force him back to civilization he finds himself coming face to face with a new deadly foe. new york city rio de janeiro superhero based on comic on the run fugitive super soldier scientist virginia military super villain marvel cinematic universe (mcu) angry radical transformation good versus evil Science Fiction Action Adventure
39103 Cooler has resurrected himself as a robot and is enslaving the people of New Namek. Goku and the gang must help. martial arts alien based on manga martial artist super power shounen anime akira toriyama Action Animation Science Fiction
964960 Set in 1889 France Dodin Bouffant is a chef living with his personal cook and lover Eugénie. They share a long history of gastronomy and love but Eugénie refuses to marry Dodin so the food lover decides to do something he has never done before: cook for her. affectation french cuisine Romance Drama
950 Diego Manny and Sid return in this sequel to the hit animated movie Ice Age. This time around the deep freeze is over and the ice-covered earth is starting to melt which will destroy the trio's cherished valley. The impending disaster prompts them to reunite and warn all the other beasts about the desperate situation. mammoth sloth ice age barrier ice ice melting iceberg flooding lovers deluge sequel saber toothed tiger Animation Family Comedy Adventure
5336 Four corrupted fascist libertines round up 9 teenage boys and girls and subject them to 120 days of sadistic physical mental and sexual torture. christianity child abuse rape child labour sexual abuse based on novel or book italian group sex bishop nazi rage and hate political instability sadism vomit sodomy spanking betrayal slaughter dead child executioner statutory rape sexual art sexual tension rape victim anal sex dark killer conflict slaughter begins brutal death torture rape and murder execution massacre violent death taboo teenage rape catholic sadistic sex feces masturbation story in story blood type cult film dominance intercourse religious hypocrisy evil artistic intercourse ritual murder sexual torture libertine coprophilia scat catholicism vomiting underage sex teen suicide tortured to death death camp criterion childhood sexual abuse non conformity nazi occupation kill count nazism disturbed teenager die evil dictator horror fans kids in peril rape revenge pre teen killed abuse disgusting hell on earth sex slavery sex slave fear of dying power abuse tit fucking sudden death graphic sad story life or death abused brutal deaths nazi war criminal children on war rejected betrayal of trust nazi crimes lgbt interest frequent executions forced to watch rape Drama War Horror
232672 Recently divorced mom Lauren and widowed dad Jim let their friends push them into a blind date which goes disastrously wrong. Unsurprisingly neither wants to see the other ever again. However fate intervenes when both Jim and Lauren unbeknown to each other purchase one-half of the same vacation package at a South African resort for families. They and their children are forced to share the same suite and participate in a slew of family activities together where their attractions grows as their respective kids benefit from the burgeoning relationship. africa single parent baseball extreme sports south africa blind date sports teenage crush wild animal relationship summer vacation family vacation single mother family divorced woman widower single father daredevil tomboy death of mother mother figure hotel suite resort hotel father figure african wilderness blended family mother son relationship father daughter relationship singing group african music african safari african savannah absent father hooter's restaurant african culture Comedy
152601 In the not so distant future Theodore a lonely writer purchases a newly developed operating system designed to meet the user's every need. To Theodore's surprise a romantic relationship develops between him and his operating system. This unconventional love story blends science fiction and romance in a sweet tale that explores the nature of love and the ways that technology isolates and connects us all. future artificial intelligence (a.i.) computer satire love loneliness transhumanism los angeles california heartbreak semi autobiographical singularity near future Romance Science Fiction Drama
714888 In the 1980s a team of lawyers takes on the heads of Argentina's bloody military dictatorship in a battle against odds and a race against time. nan Drama History
581726 Evan McCauley has skills he never learned and memories of places he has never visited. Self-medicated and on the brink of a mental breakdown a secret group that call themselves “Infinites” come to his rescue revealing that his memories are real. based on novel or book secret organization reincarnation memories Science Fiction Action Thriller
521029 Determined to keep Annabelle from wreaking more havoc demonologists Ed and Lorraine Warren bring the possessed doll to the locked artifacts room in their home placing her “safely” behind sacred glass and enlisting a priest’s holy blessing. But an unholy night of horror awaits as Annabelle awakens the evil spirits in the room who all set their sights on a new target—the Warrens' ten-year-old daughter Judy and her friends. babysitter supernatural priest doll creepy doll jump scare possessed doll supernatural power Horror Mystery Thriller
300671 An American Ambassador is killed during an attack at a U.S. compound in Libya as a security team struggles to make sense out of the chaos. cia based on novel or book assault rifle mercenary libya biography based on true story heroism explosion american abroad death u.s. ambassador War Action History Drama
4232 A year after the murder of her mother Sidney Prescott is terrorized by a masked killer who targets her and her friends by using scary movies as part of a deadly game. high school small town riddle killing halloween house party serial killer school slasher whodunit killing spree phone tabloid news reporter self referential crime spree halloween costume young adult teenager Crime Horror Mystery
400928 Frank a single man raising his child prodigy niece Mary is drawn into a custody battle with his mother. cat intellectually gifted child prodigy mathematics teacher school prize child custody legal drama gifted children custody hearing Drama Comedy
947 The story of British officer T.E. Lawrence's mission to aid the Arab tribes in their revolt against the Ottoman Empire during the First World War. Lawrence becomes a flamboyant messianic figure in the cause of Arab unity but his psychological instability threatens to undermine his achievements. cairo world war i arabian horse jerusalem israel british army british empire damascus camel based on true story gay interest historical fiction quicksand desert arab ottoman empire powerful Adventure History War
287947 A boy is given the ability to become an adult superhero in times of need with a single magic word. philadelphia pennsylvania magic secret identity superhero based on comic wizard superhuman strength aftercreditsstinger duringcreditsstinger christmas dc extended universe (dceu) flossing Action Comedy Fantasy
9286 A student's premonition of a deadly rollercoaster ride saves her life and a lucky few but not from death itself – which seeks out those who escaped their fate. dying and death stroke of fate beheading omen premonition burned alive fate death supernatural thriller Horror Mystery
1924 Mild-mannered Clark Kent works as a reporter at the Daily Planet alongside his crush Lois Lane. Clark must summon his superhero alter-ego when the nefarious Lex Luthor launches a plan to take over the world. galaxy journalist saving the world secret identity crime fighter superhero nuclear missile based on comic destruction of planet criminal sabotage super power north pole midwest newspaper office superhuman strength aftercreditsstinger save the day evil genius rural life Science Fiction Action Adventure
589082 Hakubo tells the story of two young people who live in rural Fukushima: Sachi Koyama a girl who excels at playing the violin and Yuusuke Kijinami a boy who loves to paint. After an awkward chance encounter the two meet and begin to fall in love but Yuusuke is still living in the shadow of the 2011 Tohoku earthquake and tsunami. natural disaster slice of life school anime club music Animation Drama
10693 Leaving the safety of their nursery behind Wendy Michael and John follow Peter Pan to a magical world where childhood lasts forever. But while in Neverland the kids must face Captain Hook and foil his attempts to get rid of Peter for good. london england sibling relationship flying becoming an adult magic bravery fairy mermaid villain child hero peter pan musical pirate gang pirate native peoples Animation Family Adventure Fantasy
8960 Hancock is a down-and-out superhero who's forced to employ a PR expert to help repair his image when the public grows weary of all the damage he's inflicted during his lifesaving heroics. The agent's idea of imprisoning the antihero to make the world miss him proves successful but will Hancock stick to his new sense of purpose or slip back into old habits? flying alcohol love of one's life forbidden love lovers affection advertising expert alcoholism invulnerability superhero pokies los angeles california duringcreditsstinger Fantasy Action
290098 In 1930s Korea a swindler and a young woman pose as a Japanese count and a handmaiden to seduce a Japanese heiress and steal her fortune. based on novel or book con man pickpocket lesbian relationship swindler plot mansion lust lgbt noblewoman con woman 1930s lady's maid handmade seducer japanese occupation of korea lesbian Thriller Drama Romance
172385 It's a jungle out there for Blu Jewel and their three kids after they're hurtled from Rio de Janeiro to the wilds of the Amazon. As Blu tries to fit in he goes beak-to-beak with the vengeful Nigel and meets the most fearsome adversary of all: his father-in-law. sequel travel jungle audition amazon rainforest parrots personification Adventure Animation Comedy Family
619730 Alice and Jack are lucky to be living in the idealized community of Victory the experimental company town housing the men who work for the top-secret Victory Project and their families. But when cracks in their idyllic life begin to appear exposing flashes of something much more sinister lurking beneath the attractive façade Alice can’t help questioning exactly what they’re doing in Victory and why. suburbian idyll cult palm springs psychological thriller stepford wife woman director 1950s cultists unhappy wife Thriller Mystery Science Fiction
774825 The fearless one-eyed weasel Buck teams up with mischievous possum brothers Crash & Eddie as they head off on a new adventure into Buck's home: The Dinosaur World. ice age snow spin off polar adventure Animation Comedy Adventure Family
391757 Picking up after the events of Never Back Down 2 former MMA champion Case Walker is on the comeback trail to become champion once again. martial arts fight training champion sports Drama Action
"3558 Set in the changing world of the late 1960s Susanna Kaysen's prescribed ""short rest"" from a psychiatrist she had met only once becomes a strange unknown journey into Alice's Wonderland where she struggles with the thin line between normal and crazy. Susanna soon realizes how hard it is to get out once she has been committed and she ultimately has to choose between the world of people who belong inside or the difficult world of reality outside. based on novel or book escape suicide attempt identity insanity female friendship based on true story borderline personality disorder psychiatric hospital mental institution female protagonist based on memoir or autobiography psychiatrist mental illness psychiatric ward meditative 1960s factual exuberant Drama"
619803 The 'Beast Cop' Ma Seok-do heads to a foreign country to extradite a suspect but soon after his arrival he discovers additional murder cases and hears about a vicious killer who has been committing crimes against tourists for several years. detective vietnam gangster police sequel murder investigation international crime 2000s seoul south korea ho chi minh Action Crime
6844 Escaping death a Hebrew infant is raised in a royal household to become a prince. Upon discovery of his true heritage Moses embarks on a personal quest to reclaim his destiny as the leader and liberator of the Hebrew people. moses israel egypt miracle slavery ten commandments bible epic religion judaism ancient egypt technicolor old testament pharaoh passover Drama History
840889 Ella Blake a stop-motion animator struggling to control her demons after the loss of her overbearing mother embarks upon the creation of a film that becomes the battleground for her sanity. As Ella’s mind starts to fracture the characters in her project take on a life of their own. stop motion adult animation live action and animation Horror
"893941 Julia a teenager from Latin America has lived in the U.S. most of her life. She is popular a successful Youtuber and wants to become prom queen. Everything changes abruptly when her family has to return to Ecuador. What will she have to face? Getting used to a new culture and a catholic high school will not be easy. The ""gringa"" becomes the target of ""La Reinas"" three popular bullies who rule the school. Julia is now a misfit who will have to earn her new friends' affection in order to survive. high school bullying teenage girl teen movie teen comedy high school rivalry talent competition Comedy Romance"
848526 The Arsenaults a close-knit family who profit from illegal hunting have ruled the roost for several generations in Témiscouata Quebec. The return to the fold of Anthony the impetuous youngest of the family then the arrival of Émilie a radio host who exercises an ascendancy over Anthony and his older brother Adam will come to test the harmony of the clan. hunter family secrets family clan poacher Thriller Drama
554596 Ex-con Zequi and company come back for a new adventure. nan Comedy
60304 After getting a taste for blood as children Hansel and Gretel have become the ultimate vigilantes hell-bent on retribution. Now unbeknownst to them Hansel and Gretel have become the hunted and must face an evil far greater than witches... their past. witch gun black magic steampunk troll witchcraft evil witch hunt evil witch duringcreditsstinger hansel and gretel nude swimming Fantasy Horror Action
345940 A deep sea submersible pilot revisits his past fears in the Mariana Trench and accidentally unleashes the seventy foot ancestor of the Great White Shark believed to be extinct. ocean based on novel or book beach deep sea creature shark oceanic expedition kaiju submersible under water extinct underwater facility mariana trench Action Science Fiction Horror
8355 Times are changing for Manny the moody mammoth Sid the motor mouthed sloth and Diego the crafty saber-toothed tiger. Life heats up for our heroes when they meet some new and none-too-friendly neighbors – the mighty dinosaurs. ice age bridge insanity sequel prehistory jungle dinosaur creature birth duringcreditsstinger Animation Comedy Family Adventure
296271 The hottest biotech company in the world has discovered they can clone history’s most influential people from the dead. Now they are auctioning clones of Michelangelo Galileo Vivaldi and others for tens of millions of dollars to the world’s ultra-rich. But when they steal the Shroud of Turin and clone the DNA of Jesus Christ all hell breaks loose. jesus christ supernatural horror Horror Thriller
21208 After losing their baby a married couple adopt 9-year old Esther who may not be as innocent as she seems. nun deaf mute orphan troubled marriage aftercreditsstinger duringcreditsstinger Horror Thriller Mystery
510 A petty criminal fakes insanity to serve his sentence in a mental ward rather than prison. He soon finds himself as a leader to the other patients—and an enemy to the cruel domineering nurse who runs the ward. mentally disabled friendship based on novel or book nurse lunatic asylum insane asylum oregon usa hospital medication female villain shock treatment Drama
11283 Widower Cedric Brown hires Nanny McPhee to care for his seven rambunctious children who have chased away all previous nannies. Taunted by Simon and his siblings Nanny McPhee uses mystical powers to instill discipline. And when the children's great-aunt and benefactor Lady Adelaide Stitch threatens to separate the kids the family pulls together under the guidance of Nanny McPhee. loss of loved one nanny education family relationships widower single father wizard 19th century based on young adult novel Fantasy Comedy Family
11430 Timon the meerkat and Pumbaa the warthog are best pals and the unsung heroes of the African savanna. This prequel to the smash Disney animated adventure takes you back -- way back -- before Simba's adventure began. You'll find out all about Timon and Pumbaa and tag along as they search for the perfect home and attempt to raise a rambunctious lion cub. africa lion pig sequel royalty best friend Family Animation Comedy Action
410119 Before Michael Mak’s Sex And Zen became a cult favourite in the ’90s there was Ho Fan’s Yu Pui Tsuen (The Carnal Prayer Mat 1987). But without sex bomb Amy Yip coarse humour or lesbian love affairs Yu Pui Tsuen had to rely on the nudity and sex from his cast of relative unknowns to save the day.  When a young man dreams that he drowns after a night of carnal passion he asks a buddhist monk to translate the experience for him. The monk replies that the dream is a warning not to indulge the pleasures of the flesh to excess but the man ignores his advice marrying a virgin and making love to her constantly. However after several torrid affairs the man begins to realise the sagacity of the monk's warning. nan Drama Fantasy Romance
1893 Anakin Skywalker a young slave strong with the Force is discovered on Tatooine. Meanwhile the evil Sith have returned enacting their plot for revenge against the Jedi. galaxy senate taskmaster prophecy queen apprentice taxes space opera hopeful Adventure Action Science Fiction
1265 Jesse Aarons trained all summer to become the fastest runner in school so he's very upset when newcomer Leslie Burke outruns him and everyone else. Despite this and other differences including that she's rich he's poor and she's a city girl he's a country boy the two become fast friends. Together they create Terabithia a land of monsters trolls ogres and giants and rule as king and queen. sibling relationship friendship bullying neighbor school drawing based on children's book school bus creek clubhouse reality vs fantasy outsider fantasy world overflowing with imagination Adventure Drama Family
788905 Tatiana is a journalist with a routine life in all its aspects and a recently failed love relationship. Motivated by her best friend she decides to make a stop and travel around Costa Rica to find herself and inner peace. nan Adventure Comedy Drama
205596 Based on the real life story of legendary cryptanalyst Alan Turing the film portrays the nail-biting race against time by Turing and his brilliant team of code-breakers at Britain's top-secret Government Code and Cypher School at Bletchley Park during the darkest days of World War II. england homophobia world war ii mathematician biography genius code breaking male homosexuality lgbt logician cryptography math genius gay theme codes History Drama Thriller War
375794 After his release from prison bank robber Zequi sets off to recover the stolen money that was buried by his dizzy accomplice. He's horrified to learn that a high school gymnasium is now standing over the site where the loot is stashed. Needing to infiltrate the building Zequi lands a job as a substitute teacher for a group of wild and unruly students. As the ex-con tries to lay down the law he starts to realize that life in jail may have been easier than trying to deal with rebellious teens. remake Comedy
240832 A woman accidentally caught in a dark deal turns the tables on her captors and transforms into a merciless warrior evolved beyond human logic. artificial intelligence telepathy intelligence drug mule telekinesis futuristic drugs super power tough girl surgery brain capacity synthetic drug human brain Action Science Fiction
241259 Alice Kingsleigh returns to Underland and faces a new adventure in saving the Mad Hatter. based on novel or book clock queen sequel dark fantasy aftercreditsstinger duringcreditsstinger insecure mad hatter live action remake demeaning derogatory disdainful disgusted disheartening Adventure Family Fantasy
299537 The story follows Carol Danvers as she becomes one of the universe’s most powerful heroes when Earth is caught in the middle of a galactic war between two alien races. Set in the 1990s Captain Marvel is an all-new adventure from a previously unseen period in the history of the Marvel Cinematic Universe. superhero based on comic alien invasion super power female hero aftercreditsstinger duringcreditsstinger marvel cinematic universe (mcu) woman director hero's journey 1990s alien technology Action Adventure Science Fiction
626332 The inspiring true story of Richard Montañez the Frito Lay janitor who channeled his Mexican American heritage and upbringing to turn the iconic Flamin’ Hot Cheetos into a snack that disrupted the food industry and became a global pop culture phenomenon. biography based on true story janitor mexican american woman director Comedy Drama
871 Astronaut Taylor crash lands on a distant planet ruled by apes who use a primitive race of humans for experimentation and sport. Soon Taylor finds himself among the hunted his life in the hands of a benevolent chimpanzee scientist. space marine bondage human evolution based on novel or book gorilla dystopia chimp slavery time travel space travel apocalypse astronaut ape human subjugation Science Fiction Adventure Drama Action
893297 The story of the rise and fall of the first American-born drug lord in Mexico this tale of power money greed and betrayal amongst rival members of the drug cartels finds American gangster Erik Vasquez scheming to become the top dog in the Mexican underworld only to find himself making enemies out of both the powerful cartels and his own allies. nan Crime Action
44896 When Rango a lost family pet accidentally winds up in the gritty gun-slinging town of Dirt the less-than-courageous lizard suddenly finds he stands out. Welcomed as the last hope the town has been waiting for new Sheriff Rango is forced to play his new role to the hilt. hero gunslinger sheriff nevada mayor pet native american water supply outlaw water shortage spirit mariachi disillusionment desert construction frontier town small western town animal life animal protagonist old west high noon Animation Comedy Family Western Adventure
335988 Autobots and Decepticons are at war with humans on the sidelines. Optimus Prime is gone. The key to saving our future lies buried in the secrets of the past in the hidden history of Transformers on Earth. england based on toy knight robot transformers Action Adventure Science Fiction
633802 Terror strikes when a heartbroken woman uses black magic to get her husband back. housewife black magic spell demonic ceremony Romance Horror Thriller Mystery Fantasy
530385 Several friends travel to Sweden to study as anthropologists a summer festival that is held every ninety years in the remote hometown of one of them. What begins as a dream vacation in a place where the sun never sets gradually turns into a dark nightmare as the mysterious inhabitants invite them to participate in their disturbing festive activities. ritual paranoia sweden melancholy cult hallucinogenic drug magic mushroom anthropology human sacrifice paganism death of family macabre boyfriend girlfriend relationship midsummer cultural conflict mysterious bad trip folk horror toxic relationship midnight sun isolated community summer festival traumatized woman introspective violence ambiguous Horror Drama Mystery
741335 Satomi is fine being alone until an AI named Shion joins her class with a song and a promise to make her happy. While Shion’s musical numbers and princess gowns don’t quite pass as human her antics bring Satomi closer to four other classmates. Together they make memories worth saving but even our most precious data can be erased. musical slice of life school anime Animation Drama Science Fiction
308531 After supervillain Shredder escapes custody he joins forces with mad scientist Baxter Stockman and two dimwitted henchmen Bebop and Rocksteady to unleash a diabolical plan to take over the world. As the Turtles prepare to take on Shredder and his new crew they find themselves facing an even greater evil with similar intentions: the notorious Krang. sibling relationship turtle sequel based on comic ninja rat bebop and rocksteady Action Adventure Comedy Family Science Fiction
689700 Tormented by a past life garbage man Clean attempts a life of quiet redemption. But when his good intentions mark him a target of a local crime boss Clean is forced to reconcile with the violence of his past. new york city gangster garbageman revenge drug use garbage truck haunted by the past christmas pawn shop Crime
818415 In the center of the story are three main characters - Lieutenant Colonel Soshnikov Captain Muravyov and Major Zakharov. Three ages three different characters three different destinies which are destined to meet at the Khmeimim military base. war Drama War
284054 King T'Challa returns home to the reclusive technologically advanced African nation of Wakanda to serve as his country's new leader. However T'Challa soon finds that he is challenged for the throne by factions within his own country as well as without. Using powers reserved to Wakandan kings T'Challa assumes the Black Panther mantle to join with ex-girlfriend Nakia the queen-mother his princess-kid sister members of the Dora Milaje (the Wakandan 'special forces') and an American secret agent to prevent Wakanda from being dragged into a world war. africa superhero based on comic aftercreditsstinger duringcreditsstinger marvel cinematic universe (mcu) Action Adventure Science Fiction
632856 Each Christmas Eve the Ghost of Christmas Present selects one dark soul to be reformed by a visit from three spirits. But this season he picked the wrong Scrooge. Clint Briggs turns the tables on his ghostly host until Present finds himself reexamining his own past present and future. sibling relationship based on novel or book depression musical greed terminal illness redemption lost love ghost uncle niece relationship buddy comedy executive guilty conscience christmas alcoholic mother brother sister relationship unfinished business Comedy
375262 England early 18th century. The close relationship between Queen Anne and Sarah Churchill is threatened by the arrival of Sarah's cousin Abigail Hill resulting in a bitter rivalry between the two cousins to be the Queen's favourite. great britain queen rivalry rabbit lgbt 18th century cousin cousin relationship duchess palace intrigue aristocracy british monarchy war of the spanish succession drop disease queen anne Drama Comedy Thriller
961427 A group of middle schoolers discover a Spirit Halloween store is haunted and must survive the night. halloween friends costumes halloween store Fantasy Family Horror Adventure
36685 Sweethearts Brad and Janet stuck with a flat tire during a storm discover the eerie mansion of Dr. Frank-N-Furter a transvestite scientist. As their innocence is lost Brad and Janet meet a houseful of wild characters including a rocking biker and a creepy butler. Through elaborate dances and rock songs Frank-N-Furter unveils his latest creation: a muscular man named 'Rocky'. sexual identity rock 'n' roll transvestism time warp transylvania transvestite group sex seduction castle sex addiction musical based on play or musical cross dressing homoeroticism psychotronic lgbt interest horror musical awestruck celebratory earnest Comedy Science Fiction Fantasy Horror
750498 Johan a loner with horses and explosives is never accepted by the local community. We follow his struggle for belonging in the village and the lifelong unrequited love for the girl next door which he accidentally blew up in his youth. nan Comedy
950511 This documentary chronicles Diomedes Díaz's rise as one of Colombia's most iconic singers and his downfall after being accused of killing a fan. nan Documentary
18925 A losing coach with an underdog football team faces their giants of fear and failure on and off the field to surprising results. underdog american football american football coach sports faith coach american football team aftercreditsstinger christian high school football Drama
333339 When the creator of a popular video game system dies a virtual contest is created to compete for his fortune. video game based on novel or book future virtual reality dystopia nostalgia love film in film evil corporation quest 1980s 2040s based on young adult novel columbus ohio Science Fiction Adventure Action
"268 Batman must face his most ruthless nemesis when a deformed madman calling himself ""The Joker"" seizes control of Gotham's criminal underworld. dual identity double life chemical crime fighter superhero villain based on comic mobster organized crime criminal super power madness good versus evil Fantasy Action Crime"
49018 A family discovers that dark spirits have invaded their home after their son inexplicably falls into an endless sleep. When they reach out to a professional for help they learn things are a lot more personal than they thought. medium evil spirit house warming aftercreditsstinger supernatural power Horror Thriller
453354 Ava 13 is spending the summer on the Atlantic coast when she learns that she will lose her sight sooner than expected. Her mother decides to act as if everything were normal so as to spend their best summer ever. Ava confronts the problem in her own way. She steals a big black dog that belongs to a young man on the run... beach teenage girl summer summer vacation dog blindness woman director mother daughter relationship Drama
128 Ashitaka a prince of the disappearing Emishi people is cursed by a demonized boar god and must journey to the west to find a cure. Along the way he encounters San a young human woman fighting to protect the forest and Lady Eboshi who is trying to destroy it. Ashitaka must find a way to bring balance to this conflict. friendship human vs nature wolf fight wild boar territory leprosy feral child decapitation rural area historical fiction spirit demon nature environmentalism adult animation deforestation anime industrialization Adventure Fantasy Animation
534 All grown up in post-apocalyptic 2018 John Connor must lead the resistance of humans against the increasingly dominating militaristic robots. But when Marcus Wright appears his existence confuses the mission as Connor tries to determine whether Wright has come from the future or the past -- and whether he's friend or foe. saving the world artificial intelligence prophecy san francisco california cyborg killer robot gas station post apocalyptic future dystopia army firearm wartime los angeles california terminator Action Science Fiction Thriller
181808 Rey develops her newly discovered abilities with the guidance of Luke Skywalker who is unsettled by the strength of her powers. Meanwhile the Resistance prepares to do battle with the First Order. bunker space battle defeat failure sequel space opera military operation Adventure Action Science Fiction
567189 An elite Navy SEAL uncovers an international conspiracy while seeking justice for the murder of his pregnant wife. duringcreditsstinger Action Thriller
598387 After the death of his grandmother Tom Lee discovers he is part of a long lineage of magical protectors known as the Guardians. With guidance from a mythical tiger named Hu and the other Zodiac animal warriors Tom trains to take on an evil force that threatens humanity. tiger apprentice based on children's book zodiac apprenticeship death of grandmother Animation Action Adventure Family Fantasy
792293 Vlogger Keith Gill sinks his life savings into GameStop stock and posts about it. When social media starts blowing up so do his life and the lives of everyone following him. As a stock tip becomes a movement everyone gets rich—until the billionaires fight back and both sides find their worlds turned upside down. massachusetts manipulation of the media based on true story securities stocks and bonds stock price social media stock market dramedy investing investment stockholder stock swindle insider trading vlogger brother brother relationship internet scam social media influencer finance trading manipulative relationship internet personality gamestop reddit 2020s History Comedy Drama
27578 Barney Ross leads a band of highly skilled mercenaries including knife enthusiast Lee Christmas a martial arts expert Yin Yang heavy weapons specialist Hale Caesar demolitionist Toll Road and a loose-cannon sniper Gunner Jensen. When the group is commissioned by the mysterious Mr. Church to assassinate the dictator of a small South American island Barney and Lee visit the remote locale to scout out their opposition and discover the true nature of the conflict engulfing the city. tattoo martial arts sniper island mercenary bridge rescue escape church drugs blade duringcreditsstinger Thriller Adventure Action
695568 A struggling family already on the verge of disintegration faces new challenges that will test their faith in God and each other. nan Drama
885110 In 16th-century Zazzau now Zaria Nigeria Amina must utilize her military skills and tactics to defend her family's kingdom. Based on a true story. africa biography nigeria based on true story gore fear nigerian cinema fatos reais war nollywood zazzou biografia nigéria War History Drama
158015 Given the country's overcrowded prisons the U.S. government begins to allow 12-hour periods of time in which all illegal activity is legal. During one of these free-for-alls a family must protect themselves from a home invasion. california dystopia barricade bloody fight home invasion blood lust rich vs poor constitutional convention legalized murder social allegory bloody bloody death bloody deaths 2020s Science Fiction Horror Thriller
317442 Two years after the events of the Fourth Great Ninja War the moon that Hagoromo Otsutsuki created long ago to seal away the Gedo Statue begins to descend towards the world threatening to become a meteor that would destroy everything on impact. Amidst this crisis a direct descendant of Kaguya Otsutsuki named Toneri Otsutsuki attempts to kidnap Hinata Hyuga but ends up abducting her younger sister Hanabi. Naruto and his allies now mount a rescue mission before finding themselves embroiled in a final battle to decide the fate of everything. anime Action Romance Animation
149 A secret military project endangers Neo-Tokyo when it turns a biker gang member into a rampaging psychic psychopath that only two teenagers and a group of psychics can stop. army street gang saving the world total destruction experiment general megacity atomic bomb stadium underground mutation dystopia cyberpunk motorcycle gang adult animation psychotronic anime 2010s Animation Science Fiction Action
882598 After witnessing a bizarre traumatic incident involving a patient Dr. Rose Cotter starts experiencing frightening occurrences that she can't explain. As an overwhelming terror begins taking over her life Rose must confront her troubling past in order to survive and escape her horrifying new reality. suicide post traumatic stress disorder (ptsd) therapist detective paranoia trauma curse hospital doctor mental illness evil psychotic self harm demonic based on short film Horror Mystery Thriller
930564 Struggling to find his place at Oxford University student Oliver Quick finds himself drawn into the world of the charming and aristocratic Felix Catton who invites him to Saltburn his eccentric family's sprawling estate for a summer never to be forgotten. suicide obsession country house college dark comedy bathtub lust mental illness lgbt mental health bisexual man eating disorder woman director male in bathtub oxford university family estate alcohol problems self harm deadpan comedy suicide investigation 2000s gay theme pathetic boys' love (bl) dramatic incredulous hilarious awestruck exhilarated ominous Drama Comedy Thriller
746333 A struggling actor seems doomed to live life as a loser. When he finally snatches a lead role as a superhero named “Badman” he feels like everything is possible but fate strikes again. superhero superhero comedy Comedy Action
5174 After a botched assassination attempt the mismatched duo finds themselves in Paris struggling to retrieve a precious list of names as the murderous crime syndicate's henchmen try their best to stop them. Once more Lee and Carter must fight their way through dangerous gangsters; however this time the past has come back to haunt Lee. Will the boys get the job done once and for all? martial arts ambassador los angeles california interracial friendship buddy cop action hero Action Comedy Crime
448363 A short piece that looks at the casting and subsequent work of Chris Hemsworth Natalie Portman and Anthony Hopkins. nan Documentary
506680 Zamperini returns to California where he wound up marrying Cynthia Applewhite while wrestling with untreated PTSD suffering constant nightmares angry bitter and deeply depressed his wife convinces Zamperini to attend the 1949 Billy Graham Crusade. post traumatic stress disorder based on novel or book biography faith sequel Drama
116946 On their way to Mexico six students are stranded in a small town where years before a tragedy took place. nan Horror
602734 Working in the shadow of an esteemed police veteran brash Detective Ezekiel “Zeke” Banks and his rookie partner take charge of a grisly investigation into murders that are eerily reminiscent of the city’s gruesome past.  Unwittingly entrapped in a deepening mystery Zeke finds himself at the center of the killer’s morbid game. police sequel murder police corruption body count procedural father son relationship mystery killings murder of a policeman Horror Crime Mystery
53182 Greek general Themistocles attempts to unite all of Greece by leading the charge that will change the course of the war. Themistocles faces the massive invading Persian forces led by mortal-turned-god Xerxes and Artemesia the vengeful commander of the Persian navy. based on comic based on graphic novel ancient greece duringcreditsstinger sea battle hand to hand combat naval warfare sparta greece 5th century bc athenian Action Drama War
177677 Ethan and team take on their most impossible mission yet—eradicating 'The Syndicate' an International and highly-skilled rogue organization committed to destroying the IMF. mission london england spy morocco villain austria europe sequel conspiracy vienna austria vienna opera Action Adventure
"667520 Miyo ""Muge"" Sasaki is a peculiar second-year junior high student who has fallen in love with her classmate Kento Hinode. Muge resolutely pursues Kento every day but he takes no notice of her. Nevertheless while carrying a secret she can tell no one Muge continues to pursue Kento. Muge discovers a magic mask that allows her to transform into a cat named Tarō. The magic lets Muge get close to Kento but eventually it may also make her unable to transform back to a human. cat magic mask transformation supernatural secret love slice of life unrequited love school anthropomorphism animal parallel world personal growth anime cat girl isekai Animation Drama Romance Fantasy"
948037 Tangled in a troubled marriage a frustrated couple finds hope in a watch-based app that rewards good deeds — until unhealthy obsessiveness takes over. nan Romance Comedy
617502 A bouncer with an anger management problem goes on a furious and resentful rampage after the murder of a friend. woman director Action Thriller
539 When larcenous real estate clerk Marion Crane goes on the lam with a wad of cash and hopes of starting a new life she ends up at the notorious Bates Motel where manager Norman Bates cares for his housebound mother. hotel clerk arizona shower motel stolen money taxidermy money secretary black and white corpse murderer theft mental illness private detective missing person psycho voyeurism voyeur oedipus complex double identity proto slasher mother son relationship birds whodunnit woman on the run corruptibility confused identities human vulnerabilities Horror Drama Thriller
381289 A dog goes on quest to discover his purpose in life over the course of several lifetimes with multiple owners. based on novel or book human animal relationship reincarnation dog pets Adventure Comedy Fantasy Family Drama
13187 When Charlie Brown complains about the overwhelming materialism that he sees amongst everyone during the Christmas season Lucy suggests that he become director of the school Christmas pageant. Charlie Brown accepts but it is a frustrating struggle. When an attempt to restore the proper spirit with a forlorn little fir Christmas tree fails he needs Linus' help to learn the meaning of Christmas. holiday tree cartoon christmas Animation Family Comedy TV Movie
685274 After Char's rebellion Hathaway Noa leads an insurgency against Earth Federation but meeting an enemy officer and a mysterious woman alters his fate. based on novel or book space battle mecha military anime gundam Animation Action Drama Science Fiction
831946 A U.S. Army Captain uses her years of tactical training to save humanity from sixteen nuclear missiles launched at the U.S. as a violent attack threatens her remote missile interceptor station. terrorism Action Thriller Adventure
717930 After his mission is exposed an undercover CIA operative stuck deep in hostile territory in Afghanistan must fight his way out alongside his Afghan translator to an extraction point in Kandahar all whilst avoiding elite enemy forces and foreign spies tasked with hunting them down. cia undercover agent behind enemy lines Action Thriller
591273 After a series of brutal slayings a teen and her friends take on an evil force that's plagued their notorious town for centuries. witch based on novel or book shopping mall murder curse drugs witchcraft lgbt 1990s Mystery Horror
330081 As the Trost District is reclaimed from the Titans Eren is taken under the wing of Captain Levi and his squad who decide to try and teach him to master his mysterious abilities. based on manga giant edited from tv series anime Animation Action Fantasy Adventure
16907 Naruto is thrilled when he is sent on a mission to protect his favorite actress Yukie Fujikaze on the set of her new movie The Adventures of Princess Gale. But when the crew ventures out to film in the icy foreboding Land of Snow Yukie mysteriously flees! Naruto and his squad set off to find her... unaware that three Snow Ninja lie in wait with a sinister purpose that will force Yukie to face her hidden past! ninja anime Comedy Action Animation Adventure
841045 The life of Gonzalo a former soap opera superstar gets complicated when his demons appear as an alter ego named Valentino. Gonzalo must try to get the role of his career in a new TV series of a famous producer who is about to celebrate his wedding with Carmen a cardiologist who steals Gonzalo's heart. What no one expects is that Valentino will make constant appearances and ruin everything. nan Comedy
676705 Pil a little vagabond girl lives on the streets of the medieval city of Roc-en-Brume along with her three tame weasels. She survives of food stolen from the castle of the sinister Regent Tristain. One day to escape his guards Pil disguises herself as a princess. Thus she embarks upon a mad delirious adventure together with Crobar a big clumsy guard who thinks she's a noble and Rigolin a young crackpot jester. Pil is going to have to save Roland rightful heir to the throne under the curse of a spell. This adventure will turn the entire kingdom upside down and teach Pil that nobility can be found in all of us. old town princess medieval Animation Adventure Fantasy Comedy Family
39104 Dr. Gero's Androids #13 #14 and #15 are awakened by the laboratory computers and immediately head to the mall where Goku is shopping. After Goku Trunks and Vegeta defeat #14 and #15 #13 absorbs their inner computers and becomes a super being greater than the original three separately were. Now it is up to Goku to stop him. fusion anime synthetic android Action Animation Science Fiction
9543 A rogue prince reluctantly joins forces with a mysterious princess and together they race against dark forces to safeguard an ancient dagger capable of releasing the Sands of Time – gift from the gods that can reverse time and allow its possessor to rule the world. persia sandstorm brother against brother armageddon based on video game Adventure Fantasy Action
813258 Drac tries out some new monster pets to help occupy Tinkles for playtime. monster pet dog animal pets dracula short film Animation Comedy Fantasy
141 After narrowly escaping a bizarre accident a troubled teenager is plagued by visions of a large bunny rabbit that manipulates him to commit a series of crimes. airplane parent child relationship presidential election therapist school performance halloween time travel vandalism surrealism loss imaginary friend suburbia arson vision school mental illness virginia sleepwalking 1980s parallel universe Fantasy Drama Mystery
615 A graphic portrayal of the last twelve hours of Jesus of Nazareth's life. christianity jewry roman empire suffering apostle last supper roman bible crucifixion satan mission torture brutality jesus christ christian film aramaic ancient language film Drama
779202 A woman tries to help her twin sister with whom she has a strong connection recover from a trauma. But weird things surround their lives. nan Mystery Horror Thriller
604822 Covert security company Vanguard is the last hope of survival for an accountant after he is targeted by the world's deadliest mercenary organization. nan Action Adventure Crime
773867 Chasing speed dreams and money a team of drivers get involved in the slush fund investigation of a powerful figure during the 1988 Seoul Olympics. car race 1980s seoul south korea Action Crime Comedy Adventure
896448 A young woman survives a great white shark attack whilst on a family boating vacation however soon realizes the nightmare is far from over. Those around her can not be trusted and she must face her demons if she is to step back in the water. vacation summer vacation young girls gone dead young girl not safe shark frenzy! young girls in america young dead college coeds Fantasy Horror Thriller Mystery
695568 A struggling family already on the verge of disintegration faces new challenges that will test their faith in God and each other. nan Drama
138103 Barney Christmas and the rest of the team comes face-to-face with Conrad Stonebanks who years ago co-founded The Expendables with Barney. Stonebanks subsequently became a ruthless arms trader and someone who Barney was forced to kill… or so he thought. Stonebanks who eluded death once before now is making it his mission to end The Expendables -- but Barney has other plans. Barney decides that he has to fight old blood with new blood and brings in a new era of Expendables team members recruiting individuals who are younger faster and more tech-savvy. The latest mission becomes a clash of classic old-school style versus high-tech expertise in the Expendables’ most personal battle yet. cia arms dealer sequel rescue mission hospital battle sledgehammer revolver Action Adventure Thriller
114 When a millionaire wheeler-dealer enters a business contract with a Hollywood hooker Vivian Ward he loses his heart in the bargain. prostitute capitalism hotel expensive restaurant sports car workaholic fire escape friendship los angeles california beverly hills piano bubble bath Comedy Romance
424694 Singer Freddie Mercury guitarist Brian May drummer Roger Taylor and bass guitarist John Deacon take the music world by storm when they form the rock 'n' roll band Queen in 1970. Hit songs become instant classics. When Mercury's increasingly wild lifestyle starts to spiral out of control Queen soon faces its greatest challenge yet – finding a way to keep the band together amid the success and excess. london england aids musician 1970s queen biography based on true story singer hiv male homosexuality fame rock band lgbt 1980s gay theme music movie Music Drama
105864 An epic journey into the world of dinosaurs where an Apatosaurus named Arlo makes an unlikely human friend. tyrannosaurus rex friendship cartoon friends alternate history dinosaur fear storm nature journey Adventure Animation Family
188927 The USS Enterprise crew explores the furthest reaches of uncharted space where they encounter a mysterious new enemy who puts them and everything the Federation stands for to the test. spacecraft sequel stranded hatred lgbt space opera frantic gay theme ambivalent appreciative Action Adventure Science Fiction
8856 After discovering that his father is at death's door Mr. Miyagi sets out to Japan to see him with Daniel. Upon arriving Miyagi must confront an old rival. Meanwhile Daniel encounters a new love and some new enemies. underdog martial arts japan sports death of father okinawa sequel feud revenge teen movie japanese woman self esteem mentor protégé relationship japanese family thoughtful japanese girl reflective traditional culture romantic rival japanese tradition enemy turned friend sentimental Adventure Drama Action Romance Family
462883 Woody Woodpecker enters a turf war with a big city lawyer wanting to tear down his home in an effort to build a house to flip. woodpecker Comedy Family Animation
675054 A group of teenagers must face a zombie apocalypse and help reestablish order. nan Horror Action Comedy
892153 This time the rivals team up to help a cowgirl and her brother save their homestead from a greedy land-grabber and they’re going to need some help! Jerry’s three precocious nephews are all ready for action and Tom is rounding up a posse of prairie dogs. But can a ragtag band of varmints defeat a deceitful desperado determined to deceive a damsel in distress? No matter what happens with Tom and Jerry in the saddle it’ll be a rootin’ tootin’ good time! nan Animation Comedy Family Western
600 A pragmatic U.S. Marine observes the dehumanizing effects the U.S.-Vietnam War has on his fellow recruits from their brutal boot camp training to the bloody street fighting in Hue. suicide prostitute helicopter based on novel or book journalism sniper propaganda vietnam vietnam war recruit war photographer war correspondent boot camp rescue jungle infantry sergeant racism genocide fighting platoon combat discipline u.s. marine obstacle course military anti war mass grave blanket party Drama War
39105 Mr. Money is holding another World Martial Arts Tournament and Mr. Satan invites everyone in the world to join in. Little does he know that Bojack an ancient villain who has escaped his prison is competing. Since Goku is currently dead it is up to Gohan Vegeta and Trunks to defeat Bojack and his henchman. martial arts tournament space pirate anime Action Animation Science Fiction
954 When Ethan Hunt the leader of a crack espionage team whose perilous operation has gone awry with no explanation discovers that a mole has penetrated the CIA he's surprised to learn that he's the No. 1 suspect. To clear his name Hunt now must ferret out the real double agent and in the process even the score. mission london england cia computer paris france undercover espionage secret mission arms deal spy secret identity headquarter embassy secret base prague czech republic secret agent tgv terrorism agent Adventure Action Thriller
184345 After exorcising the demons of his ex- Malcolm starts afresh with his new girlfriend and her two children. After moving into their dream home Malcolm is once again plagued by bizarre paranormal events. exorcism haunted house evil doll parody paranormal spoof horror spoof demonic possession horror parody Comedy Horror
329865 Taking place after alien crafts land around the world an expert linguist is recruited by the military to determine whether they come in peace or are a threat. spacecraft time language loss alien female protagonist scientist heartbreak based on short story military alien language linguist first contact communication linguistics time manipulation time manipulation Drama Science Fiction Mystery
75612 Jack Harper is one of the last few drone repairmen stationed on Earth. Part of a massive operation to extract vital resources after decades of war with a terrifying threat known as the Scavs Jack’s mission is nearly complete. His existence is brought crashing down when he rescues a beautiful  stranger from a downed spacecraft. Her arrival triggers a chain of events that  forces him to question everything he knows and puts the fate of humanity in his hands. spacecraft dystopia post apocalyptic future based on comic space drone surveillance human vs alien 2070s Action Science Fiction Adventure Mystery
10066 A group of unwitting teens are stranded near a strange wax museum and soon must fight to survive and keep from becoming the next exhibit. louisiana traffic jam remake murder wax museum slasher twins group of friends ghost town wax waxwork brother sister relationship 2000s Mystery Horror Thriller
363088 Just when his time under house arrest is about to end Scott Lang once again puts his freedom at risk to help Hope van Dyne and Dr. Hank Pym dive into the quantum realm and try to accomplish against time and any chance of success a very dangerous rescue mission. van dream insect flying chase fight superhero ant nuclear missile shrinking based on comic giant insect sequel flashback house arrest alternate dimension tragic villain laboratory fugitive school miniaturization montage toy car giant man female villain aftercreditsstinger duringcreditsstinger marvel cinematic universe (mcu) giant action hero father daughter relationship mother daughter relationship Action Adventure Science Fiction
188161 As a cowardly farmer begins to fall for the mysterious new woman in town he must put his new-found courage to the test when her husband a notorious gun-slinger announces his arrival. gunslinger farmer wild west aftercreditsstinger duringcreditsstinger laxative Comedy Western
604 Six months after the events depicted in The Matrix Neo has proved to be a good omen for the free humans as more and more humans are being freed from the matrix and brought to Zion the one and only stronghold of the Resistance.  Neo himself has discovered his superpowers including super speed ability to see the codes of the things inside the matrix and a certain degree of pre-cognition. But a nasty piece of news hits the human resistance: 250000 machine sentinels are digging to Zion and would reach them in 72 hours. As Zion prepares for the ultimate war Neo Morpheus and Trinity are advised by the Oracle to find the Keymaker who would help them reach the Source.  Meanwhile Neo's recurrent dreams depicting Trinity's death have got him worried and as if it was not enough Agent Smith has somehow escaped deletion has become more powerful than before and has fixed Neo as his next target. dying and death future mission man vs machine underground world martial arts kung fu hero dream artificial intelligence (a.i.) computer saving the world computer virus virtual reality fight prophecy faith truth key dystopia plato precognition rave car crash cyberpunk action hero gnosticism oracle sardonic Adventure Action Thriller Science Fiction
840756 A controversial TV host and comedian who has built his career on sexist humor is forced to assume a woman's identity to elude a relentless drug dealer. nan Comedy
38055 Bumbling supervillain Megamind finally defeats his nemesis the superhero Metro Man. But without a hero he loses all purpose and must find new meaning to his life. saving the world date prison secret identity fish gun dna mayor anti hero rain museum one sided love superhero anthropomorphism reporter duringcreditsstinger alien baby stronger villain invincible Animation Action Comedy Family Science Fiction
"2105 At a high-school party four friends find that losing their collective virginity isn't as easy as they had thought. But they still believe that they need to do so before college. To motivate themselves they enter a pact to all ""score"" by their senior prom. graduation innocence coming of age loss of virginity high school student pie teen comedy teenage sexuality exchange student sex comedy voyeurism virginity laxative prom night teenager Comedy Romance"
796185 D'Artagnan a spirited young Gascon is left for dead after trying to save a noblewoman from being kidnapped. Once in Paris he tries by all means to find his attackers unaware that his quest will lead him to the very heart of a war where the future of France is at stake. Aided by King's Musketeers Athos Porthos and Aramis he faces the machinations of villainous Cardinal Richelieu and Milady de Winter while falling in love with Constance the Queen's confidante. sword musketeer Adventure History Drama
75656 An FBI agent and an Interpol detective track a team of illusionists who pull off bank heists during their performances and reward their audiences with the money. paris france new york city bank fbi vault magic new orleans louisiana investigation heist conspiracy money escape las vegas magician Thriller Crime
360784 A family takes refuge in a fallout shelter to avoid a dangerous outbreak. helicopter underground nightmare shelter quarantine outbreak murder flashback virus creepy doll Thriller Horror
"218 In the post-apocalyptic future reigning tyrannical supercomputers teleport a cyborg assassin known as the ""Terminator"" back to 1984 to kill Sarah Connor whose unborn son is destined to lead insurgents against 21st century mechanical hegemony. Meanwhile the human-resistance movement dispatches a lone warrior to safeguard Sarah. Can he stop the virtually indestructible killing machine? saving the world artificial intelligence rebel cyborg laser gun shotgun killer robot villain time travel dystopia slasher los angeles california urban setting future war savior tech noir time paradox action hero griffith observatory good versus evil 2020s terminator Action Thriller Science Fiction"
294254 Thomas and his fellow Gladers face their greatest challenge yet: searching for clues about the mysterious and powerful organization known as WCKD. Their journey takes them to the Scorch a desolate landscape filled with unimaginable obstacles. Teaming up with resistance fighters the Gladers take on WCKD’s vastly superior forces and uncover its shocking plans for them all. based on novel or book resistance maze post apocalyptic future dystopia infection on the run escape zombie storm disease desert sewer antidote corporation virus runner city ruin immunity based on young adult novel Science Fiction Action Thriller Adventure
9495 Exactly one year after young rock guitarist Eric Draven and his fiancée are brutally killed by a ruthless gang of criminals Draven—watched over by a hypnotic crow—returns from the grave to exact revenge. martial arts superhero supernatural halloween crow based on comic revenge arson vigilante tragic hero back from the dead sadist detroit michigan gothic urban setting mourning neo noir urban gothic supernatural power vigilante justice good versus evil intense bold tragic Fantasy Action Thriller
"75780 When a gunman takes five lives with six shots all evidence points to the suspect in custody. On interrogation the suspect offers up a single note: ""Get Jack Reacher!"" So begins an extraordinary chase for the truth pitting Jack Reacher against an unexpected enemy with a skill for violence and a secret to keep. detective based on novel or book sniper investigation police murder conspiracy Crime Drama Thriller Action"
14128 As a newly crowned princess Cinderella quickly learns that life at the Palace - and her royal responsibilities - are more challenging than she had imagined. In three heartwarming tales Cinderella calls on her animal friends and her Fairy Godmother to help as she brings her own grace and charm to her regal role and discovers that being true to yourself is the best way to make your dreams come true. magic fairy musical princess sequel anthology anthropomorphism family cartoon mouse fairy godmother baker Family Animation Romance Fantasy
1402 A struggling salesman takes custody of his son as he's poised to begin a life-changing professional career. san francisco california single parent homeless person bus worker homelessness work church service bad luck biography based on true story salesman stockbroker poor Drama
630 Young Dorothy finds herself in a magical world where she makes friends with a lion a scarecrow and a tin man as they make their way along the yellow brick road to talk with the Wizard and ask for the things they miss most in their lives. The Wicked Witch of the West is the only thing that could stop them. witch adolescence dream based on novel or book secret identity lion tornado twister scarecrow villain musical kansas usa imaginary land cowardliness monkey female villain fantasy world wizard sepia color hourglass red shoes based on young adult novel tin man whimsical adoring bold cheerful exuberant oz Adventure Fantasy Family
1443 A group of male friends become obsessed with five mysterious sisters who are sheltered by their strict religious parents. suicide based on novel or book michigan suicide attempt 1970s coming of age suburb lust family catholic overprotective parent teen suicide femininity woman director male gaze sisters Drama Romance
979 A woman’s lover and her ex-boyfriend take justice into their own hands after she becomes the victim of a rapist. paris france prostitute rape trauma knife assault police love revenge cruelty brutality drugs evil boyfriend rape and revenge new french extremism Drama Thriller Crime Mystery
7485 A top Marine sniper Bob Lee Swagger leaves the military after a mission goes horribly awry and disappears living in seclusion. He is coaxed back into service after a high-profile government official convinces him to help thwart a plot to kill the President of the United States. Ultimately double-crossed and framed for the attempt Swagger becomes the target of a nationwide manhunt. He goes on the run to track the real killer and find out who exactly set him up and why eventually seeking revenge against some of the most powerful and corrupt leaders in the free world. philadelphia pennsylvania corruption based on novel or book sniper fbi senator cabin military service president rifle sniper rifle dog sharpshooter marksman mountain cabin military veteran framed for murder murder plot army colonel death of friend u.s. marine corps marine sniper Action Drama Mystery Thriller Crime
34851 A group of cold-blooded killers find themselves trapped on an alien planet to be hunted by extraterrestrial Predators. hunter predator yakuza hunting human beings alien life form sequel alien alien planet jungle creature soldier warrior Science Fiction Action Thriller
527776 After reluctantly agreeing to coach cross-country high school basketball Coach John Harrison helps the least likely runner attempt the impossible in the biggest race of the year. christianity sports cross country Drama
936386 It is summer in a small village in south-eastern Spain. A storm threatens to cause the river that runs through it to overflow again. A popular old belief claims that some women are predestined to disappear with each new flood because they have the “water inside”. A band of young people is trying to overcome the weariness of a summer in the village that smells of death by smoking dancing and lusting after each other. In this electric atmosphere that precedes the storm Ana and José live a love affair until the storm bursts. love teenage romance spanish holidays christian belief spanish folklore spanish cinema love discovery Drama Romance
2322 When shadowy U.S. intelligence agents blackmail a reformed computer hacker and his eccentric team of security experts into stealing a code-breaking 'black box' from a Soviet-funded genius they uncover a bigger conspiracy. Now he and his 'sneakers' must save themselves and the world economy by retrieving the box from their blackmailers. hacker mathematician assignment Comedy Crime Drama
928270 A woman's life takes an unexpected turn when she falls for her boss's wife. She must soon defend herself as she becomes entangled in a web of malice. businessman monogamy thriller erotic movie novel Thriller
39101 Goku and friends must stop a band of space pirates from consuming fruit from the Tree of Might before it's destructive powers drain Earth's energy. martial arts tree dragon doppelgänger space pirate anime Action Animation Science Fiction
786548 The World isn't like it's supposed to be. Something happened along the way. With these words TRUNKS reminds himself the arrival of CELL the loss of his friends and his training for combat. While he knows he doesn't have any chance he will try to make the difference and bring back the lost hope. nan Action Adventure
482321 In a world where walking talking digitally connected bots have become children's best friends an 11-year-old finds that his robot buddy doesn't quite work the same as the others do. family best friend forever Animation Science Fiction Family Comedy
22804 Special Agent Strahm is dead and Detective Hoffman has emerged as the unchallenged successor to Jigsaw's legacy. However when the FBI draws closer to Hoffman he is forced to set a game into motion and Jigsaw's grand scheme is finally understood. sacrifice sadism fbi apprentice murder torture killer agent death survival horror death match aftercreditsstinger mind game healthcare death game foreboding Horror Thriller
"297 When the grim reaper comes to collect the soul of megamogul Bill Parrish he arrives with a proposition: Host him for a ""vacation"" among the living in trade for a few more days of existence. Parrish agrees and using the pseudonym Joe Black Death begins taking part in Parrish's daily agenda and falls in love with the man's daughter. Yet when Black's holiday is over so is Parrish's life. life and death love at first sight broken engagement fireworks religion and supernatural based on play or musical teenage crush fate doctor millionaire death personified death incarnate angel of death encontro marcado Fantasy Drama Romance"
522478 Peter Rabbit runs away from his human family when he learns they are going to portray him in a bad light in their book. Soon he crosses paths with an older rabbit who ropes him into a heist. peter rabbit Family Comedy Adventure Animation Fantasy
4564 A New York writer on sex and love is finally getting married to her Mr. Big. But her three best girlfriends must console her after one of them inadvertently leads Mr. Big to jilt her. new york city city portrait hotel new year's eve forgiveness fashion journal saint louis female friendship fashion designer malibu loss of libido botox couples therapy romantic comedy best friend wedding break up fashion manhattan new york city desire to have children female sexuality Comedy Drama Romance
207 At an elite old-fashioned boarding school in New England a passionate English teacher inspires his students to rebel against convention and seize the potential of every day courting the disdain of the stern headmaster. individual friendship philosophy poetry literature professor based on true story coming of age teacher school play vermont schoolteacher preparatory school 1950s inspirational teenager adoring Drama
350640 Mariana has an obsessive cleaning habit. After starting a troubled relationship with Enrique. She must accept that sex is dirty and  impulsive. mexico woman director short film Comedy
10515 A young boy and a girl with a magic crystal must race against pirates and foreign agents in a search for a legendary floating castle. army flying magic mine castle lost civilisation pirate orphan government agent floating pendant blue sky air pirate crystal anime Adventure Fantasy Animation Action Family Romance
17581 A mysterious group of ninjas makes a surprise attack on the Konohagakure which takes great damage. The nightmare of another Shinobi World War could become a reality. Sasuke who was still a missing nin from Konoha trying to kill his brother Itachi appears for the second time in front of Naruto at an unknown location to prevent it from happening. anime shippuuden Fantasy Animation Action
2024 After proving himself on the field of battle in the French and Indian War Benjamin Martin wants nothing more to do with such things preferring the simple life of a farmer. But when his son Gabriel enlists in the army to defend their new nation America against the British Benjamin reluctantly returns to his old life to protect his son. rebel southern usa loss of loved one martial arts general patriotism insurgence daughter south carolina epic based on true story sword fight gore mission historical fiction soldier patriot 18th century american revolution revolutionary war Drama History War Action
778855 Young Chickenhare is the adopted son of King Peter a famous adventurer. Part chicken and part hare he has a really tough time growing up and disguises himself as a hare to avoid the mockeries of his peers. When the day of the Royal Adventurer Society trials comes Chickenhare hampered by his disguise fails miserably. But he is determined to grab a second chance and find the Scepter of the Hamster of Darkness before his evil Uncle Lapin. The Scepter will give immense power to its holder. If Lapin gets hold of it he will be unstoppable. Accompanied by his faithful servant Abe a sarcastic turtle and Meg a martial arts expert skunk he sets of on an epic and initiatory quest. nan Animation Adventure Comedy Family Fantasy
290859 Decades after Sarah Connor prevented Judgment Day a lethal new Terminator is sent to eliminate the future leader of the resistance. In a fight to save mankind battle-hardened Sarah Connor teams up with an unexpected ally and an enhanced super soldier to stop the deadliest Terminator yet. artificial intelligence cyborg helicopter mexico city mexico time travel dystopia sequel plane crash terminator Science Fiction Action
676842 Su a woman whose friends are only men finds herself forced to follow a series of absurd instructions to overcome the unexpected death of her fiancé. nan Comedy Drama
10545 At the urging of his gargoyle pals Quasimodo leaves Notre Dame tower against the wishes of his guardian the evil Judge Claude Frollo. He ventures out to the Festival of Fools and finds his first true friend a Romani woman named Esmeralda who entrusts him with a secret. When the secret is revealed Quasi soon finds himself fighting to save the people and city he loves. paris france based on novel or book judge obsession dance sword mockery ugliness cathedral musical fool bell religion orphan army captain festival angry mob notre dame cathedral witch hunt 15th century Drama Animation Family
559563 When a junior in college moves into his aunt's house temptation is almost too much with all of the women living there. But feelings grow between them. softcore Romance
"287590 Warriors called ""Saints"" are the champions of hope who have always appeared since the Age of Myth whenever evil threatens the world. In this present day story many years since the long fought ""Holy War"" we find Saori Kido a girl troubled by her mysterious powers. She is saved by a boy Seiya ""Bronze Saint"" from a sudden attack by an assassin through the accident Saori realizes her destiny and mission and decides to go to ""Sanctuary"" with Seiya and his company of Bronze Saints. In Sanctuary they confront ""Pope"" and wage a desperate battle against the greatest Saints the ""Gold Saints"". anime Action Animation Fantasy"
"776305 Suzu is a 17-year-old high-school student living in a rural town with her father. Wounded by the loss of her mother at a young age Suzu one day discovers the massive online world ""U"" and dives into this alternate reality as her avatar Belle. Before long all of U's eyes are fixed on Belle when suddenly a mysterious dragon-like figure appears before her. society friendship love slice of life anime online relationship virtual world family ties idol Animation Science Fiction Family"
12155 Alice now 19 years old returns to the whimsical world she first entered as a child and embarks on a journey to discover her true destiny. based on novel or book queen fantasy world live action remake based on young adult novel Family Fantasy Adventure
374205 The glittering Gran Tesoro a city of entertainment beyond the laws of the government is a sanctuary for the world’s most infamous pirates Marines and filthy rich millionaires. Drawn by dreams of hitting the jackpot Captain Luffy and his crew sail straight for the gold. But behind the gilded curtains lies a powerful king whose deep pockets and deeper ambitions spell disaster for the Straw Hats and the New World alike. gold pirate based on manga anime Action Animation Adventure Comedy
"276907 Suave charming and volatile Reggie Kray and his unstable twin brother Ronnie start to leave their mark on the London underworld in the 1960s. Using violence to get what they want the siblings orchestrate robberies and murders while running nightclubs and protection rackets. With police Detective Leonard ""Nipper"" Read hot on their heels the brothers continue their rapid rise to power and achieve tabloid notoriety. gangster biography based on true story twins Crime Thriller"
858408 When his beloved dog goes missing a young man embarks on an incredible search with his parents to find him and give him life-saving medication. family missing dog Family Adventure Drama
755812 Marinette’s class is headed to New York the city of superheroes for French-American Friendship Week. The whole class is there...except Adrien whose father refuses to let him go! new york city superhero Animation TV Movie Fantasy Action
350640 Mariana has an obsessive cleaning habit. After starting a troubled relationship with Enrique. She must accept that sex is dirty and  impulsive. mexico woman director short film Comedy
778810 The film explores the world of firefighters in 1920s New York City and tells the story of a 16-year-old girl who will have to become a hero in order to save her city. new york city fire brigade 1920s fireman Animation Family
73456 Barbie stars as Blair Willows a kind-hearted girl who is chosen to attend Princess Charm School: a magical modern place that teaches dancing how to have tea parties and proper princess manners. Blair loves her classes -- as well as the helpful magical sprites and her new friends Princesses Hadley and Isla. But when royal teacher Dame Devin discovers that Blair looks a lot like the kingdom’s missing princess she turns Blair’s world upside down to stop her from claiming the throne. Now Blair Hadley and Delancy must find an enchanted crown to prove Blair’s true identity in this charming and magical princess story! princess based on toy school Family Animation Fantasy
2109 When Hong Kong Inspector Lee is summoned to Los Angeles to investigate a kidnapping the FBI doesn't want any outside help and assigns cocky LAPD Detective James Carter to distract Lee from the case. Not content to watch the action from the sidelines Lee and Carter form an unlikely partnership and investigate the case themselves. martial arts fbi chinese mafia two man army los angeles california east asian lead buddy cop consul crime lord art treasures child kidnapping duringcreditsstinger action hero Action Comedy Crime
864959 A Halloween-hating dad reluctantly teams up with his teenage daughter when an evil spirit wreaks havoc by making their town's decorations come to life. halloween cursed town mola ott Adventure Comedy Horror Family
228203 A track coach in a small California town transforms a team of athletes into championship contenders. small town california coach championship woman director track and field Drama Family
845387 A factory explosion plunges a small town into a timeless freeze leaving teenage Masamune and his pals to grapple with a quickly collapsing reality. small town love time freeze anime uncertainty Animation Drama Romance Fantasy
242582 When Lou Bloom desperate for work muscles into the world of L.A. crime journalism he blurs the line between observer and participant to become the star of his own story. Aiding him in his effort is Nina a TV-news veteran. journalism underground job interview cynicism psychopath sociopath crime scene psychological thriller los angeles california home invasion stakeout newsreel footage character study neo noir ethics stringer police scanner news business Crime Drama Thriller
704239 A New Jersey construction worker goes from regular guy to aspiring spy when his long-lost high school sweetheart recruits him for an espionage mission. espionage spy old flame construction worker Action Thriller
"516486 A first-time captain leads a convoy of allied ships carrying thousands of soldiers across the treacherous waters of the ""Black Pit"" to the front lines of WWII. With no air cover protection for 5 days the captain and his convoy must battle the surrounding enemy Nazi U-boats in order to give the allies a chance to win the war. submarine allies atlantic ocean world war ii based on true story convoy battleship naval warfare naval battleship War Action Drama"
109443 With the 70s behind him San Diego's top rated newsman Ron Burgundy returns to take New York's first 24-hour news channel by storm. journalism language mustache gang warfare aftercreditsstinger news spoof news tv news anchor cable news Comedy
369299 After a one-night stand results in pregnancy a young woman decides to become partners with the emotionally immature father-to-be. one night stand birth unlikely lovers duringcreditsstinger unplanned pregnancy Comedy Romance
68721 When Tony Stark's world is torn apart by a formidable terrorist called the Mandarin he starts an odyssey of rebuilding and retribution. california war on terror tennessee malibu superhero based on comic billionaire aftercreditsstinger marvel cinematic universe (mcu) christmas america Action Adventure Science Fiction
516329 A small-town Oregon teacher and her brother the local sheriff discover a young student is harbouring a dangerous secret that could have frightening consequences. sheriff oregon usa trauma superstition native american creature meth lab school teacher mining town based on short story wendigo folk horror myth Drama Horror Mystery
379686 When LeBron and his young son Dom are trapped in a digital space by a rogue A.I. LeBron must get them home safe by leading Bugs Lola Bunny and the whole gang of notoriously undisciplined Looney Tunes to victory over the A.I.'s digitized champions on the court. It's Tunes versus Goons in the highest-stakes challenge of his life. sports cartoon basketball game live action and animation space jam Family Animation Comedy Science Fiction
670 With no clue how he came to be imprisoned drugged and tortured for 15 years a desperate businessman seeks revenge on his captors. daughter rage and hate hostility hypnosis sushi restaurant notebook sin revenge loneliness torture based on manga urination anger catholic incest neo noir asian origins remade south korea hammer driven to suicide Drama Thriller Mystery Action
16859 A young witch on her mandatory year of independent life finds fitting into a new community difficult while she supports herself by running an air courier service. witch clock tower bicycle accident female friendship bakery coming of age cartoon cat cartoon dog baking seaside town talking cat courier service delivery service anime Animation Family Fantasy Adventure
39107 Not paying attention to his job a young demon allows the evil cleansing machine to overflow and explode turning the young demon into the infamous monster Janemba. Goku and Vegeta make solo attempts to defeat the monster but realize their only option is fusion. martial arts based on manga anime villian Animation Action Fantasy Science Fiction
770 The spoiled daughter of a Georgia plantation owner conducts a tumultuous romance with a cynical profiteer during the American Civil War and Reconstruction Era. civil war based on novel or book marriage crisis loss of loved one widow atlanta slavery plantation typhus romance casualty of war second marriage american civil war technicolor reconstruction era businesswoman 1860s 1870s antebellum south romantic compassionate powerful Drama War Romance
83088 The plot involves the coming of Lucifer to the Sanctuary where his underlings systematically dispose of the surviving Gold Saints. Athena goes to Lucifer to ask for peace placing herself in peril. The Bronze Saints must then come to her rescue destroying Lucifer's Fallen Angels (Seima Tenshi in Japanese) in the process. mythology greek mythology fighter based on manga suit of armor shounen anime deity Action Animation Fantasy
8273 With high school a distant memory Jim and Michelle are getting married — and in a hurry since Jim's grandmother is sick and wants to see him walk down the aisle — prompting Stifler to throw the ultimate bachelor party. And Jim's dad is reliable as ever doling out advice no one wants to hear. sibling relationship handcuffs marriage proposal spanner blow job stag night wedding reception wedding sex comedy best man bachelor party Comedy Romance
4348 A story of love and life among the landed English gentry during the Georgian era. Mr. Bennet is a gentleman living in Hertfordshire with his overbearing wife and five daughters but if he dies their house will be inherited by a distant cousin whom they have never met so the family's future happiness and security is dependent on the daughters making good marriages. england based on novel or book bachelor family relationships prejudice suitor period drama pride 18th century opposites attract gentleman georgian or regency era 1790s sisters Drama Romance
720557 Following the events of Tiger Zinda Hai War and Pathaan Avinash Singh Rathore returns as Tiger but this time the battle is within. He has to choose between his country or family as an old enemy is after his life who claims that his family was killed by Tiger. He holds Tiger captive in Pakistan as the Indian agent's loyalty towards his country faces its biggest test. yrf spy universe Action Adventure Thriller
764 In 1979 a group of college students find a Sumerian Book of the Dead in an old wilderness cabin they've rented for a weekend getaway. falsely accused audio tape aggression log cabin friends zombie occult book of the dead necronomicon demonic possession aggressive Horror
22881 The story of Michael Oher a homeless and traumatized boy who became an All American football player and first round NFL draft pick with the help of a caring woman and her family. american football adoption education private school memphis tennessee sports based on true story duringcreditsstinger christian high school football Drama
228205 The lives of a young couple intertwine with a much older man as he reflects back on a lost love while he's trapped in an automobile crash. based on novel or book romance art student love cowboy injury bull riding young adult Drama Romance
431693 Super spy Lance Sterling and scientist Walter Beckett are almost exact opposites. Lance is smooth suave and debonair. Walter is… not. But what Walter lacks in social skills he makes up for in smarts and invention creating the awesome gadgets Lance uses on his epic missions. But when events take an unexpected turn Walter and Lance suddenly have to rely on each other in a whole new way. inventor spy villain pigeon save the planet Animation Action Adventure Comedy Family
714869 Claude and Marie Verneuil will soon be celebrating their 40th wedding anniversary. For the occasion their four daughters - Isabelle Odile Ségolène and Laure - decide to organize a big surprise party in their family home in Chinon. They also decide to invite each the parents of their respective husbands - Rachid Benassem David Benichou Chao Ling and Charles Koffi. nan Romance Comedy
726684 On school break Marinette heads to Shanghai to meet Adrien. But after arriving Marinette loses all her stuff including the Miraculous that allows her to turn into Ladybug! shanghai china superhero Animation Fantasy Action TV Movie
554590 A pair of seducers try to prove who has the best techniques while trying not to fall in love with each other. nan Comedy
48138 A man awakens from a coma only to discover that someone has taken on his identity and that no one (not even his wife) believes him. With the help of a young woman he sets out to prove who he is. taxi hotel coma taxi driver prince briefcase hospital stolen identity Action Mystery Thriller
48340 Master diver Frank McGuire (Richard Roxburgh) has explored the South Pacific's Esa-ala Caves for months.  But when his exit is cut off in a flash flood Frank's team—including 17-year-old son Josh (Rhys Wakefield) and financier Carl Hurley (Ioan Gruffudd)—are forced to radically alter plans.  With dwindling supplies the crew must navigate an underwater labyrinth to make it out.  Soon they are confronted with the unavoidable question: Can they survive or will they be trapped forever? expedition cave based on true story scuba diving papua new guinea hypothermia cave diving underwater cave father son relationship Action Thriller
34813 On a mission deep in the Bolivian jungle a team of elite commandos finds itself on the receiving end of a lethal betrayal. Now presumed dead the men join forces with a mysterious operative named Aisha to hunt down their enemy and even the score. based on comic hospital black ops Action Adventure Crime Mystery Thriller
82693 After spending eight months in a mental institution a former teacher moves back in with his parents and tries to reconcile with his ex-wife. depression infidelity dancing friendship philadelphia pennsylvania based on novel or book widow letter neighbor mental illness ex wife institutionalization death of husband bipolar restraining order father son relationship Drama Comedy Romance
943158 Meet Cheo Martinez the neighbor you do not want to have and whose time has come when his neighbors tired of putting up with him hire Carolina Rico a beautiful and audacious escort to make him fall in love and get him out of the building. ¿What will happen when Cheo falls into the tricks of love and Carolina’s dark past reaches her? Now we will meet their real neighbor a Moody with heart. nan Comedy
10139 The true story of Harvey Milk the first openly gay man ever elected to public office. In San Francisco in the late 1970s Harvey Milk becomes an activist for gay rights and inspires others to join him in his fight for equal rights that should be available to all Americans. california election campaign politics homophobia san francisco california 1970s mayor politician biography based on true story murder male homosexuality morality election lgbt candlelight vigil lgbt activist mayoral campaign gay history gay theme gay rights History Drama
581387 A group of unlikely heroes from across the Korean peninsula try to save the day after a volcano erupts on the mythical and majestic Baekdu Mountain. volcano natural disaster volcano eruption inter korean relations emby Action Adventure Thriller
811592 An elite squad of Navy SEALs on a covert mission to transport a prisoner off a CIA black site island prison are trapped when insurgents attack while trying to rescue the same prisoner. war on terror u.s. navy seal seige Action
448119 After losing his wife seven years earlier the eccentric Dr. John Dolittle famed doctor and veterinarian of Queen Victoria’s England hermits himself away behind the high walls of Dolittle Manor with only his menagerie of exotic animals for company. But when the young queen falls gravely ill a reluctant Dolittle is forced to set sail on an epic adventure to a mythical island in search of a cure regaining his wit and courage as he crosses old adversaries and discovers wondrous creatures. ship island based on novel or book victorian england doctor based on children's book animals veterinary talking to animals voyage Family Comedy Fantasy Adventure
82675 In Istanbul retired CIA operative Bryan Mills and his wife are taken hostage by the father of a kidnapper Mills killed while rescuing his daughter. kidnapping fbi turkey police chase teenage daughter stealing a car ex husband ex wife relationship albanian u.s. embassy Action Crime Thriller
41446 Sidney returns home to Woodsboro on the last stop of her book tour which brings about the return of Ghost Face and puts her family friends and the whole town in danger. rescue mask sheriff jealousy victim knife self inflicted injury sociopath murder house party teen movie serial killer author hospital slasher home invasion self referential cousin cousin relationship phone call millennials publicist fame seeking new generation return to hometown masked killer remakes Horror Mystery
64690 Driver is a skilled Hollywood stuntman who moonlights as a getaway driver for criminals. Though he projects an icy exterior lately he's been warming up to a pretty neighbor named Irene and her young son Benicio. When Irene's husband gets out of jail he enlists Driver's help in a million-dollar heist. The job goes horribly wrong and Driver must risk his life to protect Irene and Benicio from the vengeful masterminds behind the robbery. robbery car mechanic stuntman beaten to death revenge organized crime neighbor police chase los angeles california brutality jacket scorpion toothpick getaway driver crime lord stunt driver existentialism neo noir hammer Drama Thriller Crime
568160 The summer of his high school freshman year Hodaka runs away from his remote island home to Tokyo and quickly finds himself pushed to his financial and personal limits. The weather is unusually gloomy and rainy every day as if taking its cue from his life. After many days of solitude he finally finds work as a freelance writer for a mysterious occult magazine. Then one day Hodaka meets Hina on a busy street corner. This bright and strong-willed girl possesses a strange and wonderful ability: the power to stop the rain and clear the sky. japan climate change rain magic weather weather manipulation romance surrealism slice of life tokyo japan orphan summer flood japanese mythology anime time skip japanese supernatural power weather control visually stunning Animation Drama Fantasy Romance
895549 The remarkable true story of athlete Diana Nyad who at the age of 60 and with the help of her best friend and coach commits to achieving her life-long dream: a 110-mile open ocean swim from Cuba to Florida. based on memoir or autobiography Drama History
"13053 Bolt is the star of the biggest show in Hollywood. The only problem is he thinks it's real. After he's accidentally shipped to New York City and separated from Penny his beloved co-star and owner Bolt must harness all his ""super powers"" to find a way home. hamster human animal relationship talking dog animal cat vs dog duringcreditsstinger talking cat pets dog cat friendship animal lead Animation Family Adventure Comedy"
763152 Multiple stories about the oscillating world of couple relationships and how difficult it can be to separate sex from love. swinger club night life anthology romantic comedy sex comedy Comedy Romance
637693 Lucky Prescott's life is changed forever when she moves from her home in the city to a small frontier town and befriends a wild mustang named Spirit. horse mustang female protagonist animal wild horse reboot 3d animation Animation Adventure Family Western
305470 Saban's Power Rangers follows five ordinary teens who must become something extraordinary when they learn that their small town of Angel Grove — and the world — is on the verge of being obliterated by an alien threat. Chosen by destiny our heroes quickly discover they are the only ones who can save the planet. But to do so they will have to overcome their real-life issues and before it’s too late band together as the Power Rangers. spacecraft super power superhero team lgbt reboot ethnic diversity based on tv series based on japanese tv series Action Adventure Science Fiction
71552 The characters we met a little more than a decade ago return to East Great Falls for their high-school reunion. In one long-overdue weekend they will discover what has changed who hasn’t and that time and distance can’t break the bonds of friendship. husband wife relationship sequel family reunion masturbation scat high school reunion quitting a job milf duringcreditsstinger Comedy
52520 Having escaped years of imprisonment vampire warrioress Selene finds herself in a changed world where humans have discovered the existence of both Vampire and Lycan clans and are conducting an all-out war to eradicate both immortal species. Now Selene must battle the humans and a frightening new breed of super Lycans to ensure the death dealers' survival. experiment vampire daughter hybrid child vampire conspiracy werewolf fictional war gothic dark fantasy werewolf child urban gothic good versus evil Fantasy Action Horror
949 Obsessive master thief Neil McCauley leads a top-notch crew on various daring heists throughout Los Angeles while determined detective Vincent Hanna pursues him without rest. Each man recognizes and respects the ability and the dedication of the other even though they are aware their cat-and-mouse game may end in violence. robbery chase obsession detective heist thief honor murder betrayal gang los angeles california cat and mouse bank robbery criminal mastermind ex con one last job loner bank job neo noir crime epic Action Crime Drama
"373879 Kōmei devises a plan where Zoro and Sanji take part in an eating contest and the two eat a strange ""good-for-nothing-only"" mushroom that turns them into good-for-nothing men. The two are then locked in a jail cell. When the rest of the Straw Hat Pirates chase after their imprisoned crew they land on the island of Nebulandia which features a mysterious fog made from sea water and it has the same effects as seastone. The Straw Hat Pirates' arrival on Nebulandia is also a part of Kōmei's plan. pirate super power anime Action Animation Adventure Comedy Fantasy"
8489 In 1964 a brash new pro boxer fresh from his Olympic gold medal victory explodes onto the scene: Cassius Clay. Bold and outspoken he cuts an entirely new image for African Americans in sport with his proud public self-confidence and his unapologetic belief that he is the greatest boxer of all time. Yet at the top of his game both Ali's personal and professional lives face the ultimate test. transporter boxer biography Drama
9470 It's the 1940s and the notorious Axe Gang terrorizes Shanghai. Small-time criminals Sing and Bone hope to join but they only manage to make lots of very dangerous enemies. Fortunately for them kung fu masters and hidden strength can be found in unlikely places. Now they just have to take on the entire Axe Gang. martial arts china magic gangster mafia defense policeman wuxia 1940s anarchic comedy pretending to be gay canton Action Comedy Crime Fantasy
38575 Twelve-year-old Dre Parker could have been the most popular kid in Detroit but his mother's latest career move has landed him in China. Dre immediately falls for his classmate Mei Ying but the cultural differences make such a friendship impossible. Even worse Dre's feelings make him an enemy of the class bully Cheng. With no friends in a strange land Dre has nowhere to turn but maintenance man Mr. Han who is a kung fu master. As Han teaches Dre that kung fu is not about punches and parries but maturity and calm Dre realizes that facing down the bullies will be the fight of his life. martial arts duringcreditsstinger karate kid the karate kid Action Adventure Drama Family
320288 The X-Men face their most formidable and powerful foe when one of their own Jean Grey starts to spiral out of control. During a rescue mission in outer space Jean is nearly killed when she's hit by a mysterious cosmic force. Once she returns home this force not only makes her infinitely more powerful but far more unstable. The X-Men must now band together to save her soul and battle aliens that want to use Grey's new abilities to rule the galaxy. mutant telekinesis superhero based on comic superhero team 1990s cosmic Science Fiction Action Adventure
38360 Veronika and Boris come together in Moscow shortly before World War II. Walking along the river they watch cranes fly overhead and promise to rendezvous before Boris leaves to fight. Boris misses the meeting and is off to the front lines while Veronika waits patiently sending letters faithfully. After her house is bombed Veronika moves in with Boris' family into the company of a cousin with his own intentions. siege lovers marriage of convenience battlefield wounded couple air raid anti war moscow russia loveless marriage life during wartime heartache bomb shelter returning hero Drama Romance War
10585 A single mother gives her son a beloved doll for his birthday only to discover that it is possessed by the soul of a serial killer. chicago illinois birthday gun voodoo stalker evil doll murder killer doll serial killer slasher explosion single mother killer doll evil killer toys toy comes to life possessed doll supernatural power mother and son falling out window Horror
764517 During the summer thirteen-year-old Sofia moves to the country house where her cousin Cristina is waiting for her to spend the vacations. During these days of games and discoveries the two will be immersed in a love triangle with a man almost twenty years older. Its outcome will mark the passage from puberty to adolescence for both of them. nan Drama
560052 Struggling to cope after a move to the city with his mother Elmer runs away in search of Wild Island and a young dragon who waits to be rescued. Elmer’s adventures introduce him to ferocious beasts a mysterious island and the friendship of a lifetime. island young boy dragon based on children's book hand drawn animation Animation Adventure Family Fantasy Comedy
22538 As bass guitarist for a garage-rock band Scott Pilgrim has never had trouble getting a girlfriend; usually the problem is getting rid of them. But when Ramona Flowers skates into his heart he finds she has the most troublesome baggage of all: an army of ex-boyfriends who will stop at nothing to eliminate him from her list of suitors. canada video game ex boyfriend toronto canada based on comic animated scene based on graphic novel whipping hipster underage girlfriend unconsciousness girl fight vegan aftercreditsstinger Action Comedy Romance
228326 The journey of Manolo a young man who is torn between fulfilling the expectations of his family and following his heart. Before choosing which path to follow he embarks on an incredible adventure that spans three fantastical worlds where he must face his greatest fears. love triangle mexico bullfighting afterlife day of the dead overcoming fears Animation Adventure Comedy Family Fantasy
865559 Students Hayley and James are young and in love. After saying goodbye for Christmas at a London train station they both make the same mad split-second decision to swap trains and surprise each other. Passing each other in the station they are completely unaware that they have just swapped Christmases. romantic comedy christmas Romance Comedy
652 In year 1250 B.C. during the late Bronze age two emerging nations begin to clash. Paris the Trojan prince convinces Helen Queen of Sparta to leave her husband Menelaus and sail with him back to Troy. After Menelaus finds out that his wife was taken by the Trojans he asks his brother Agamemnon to help him get her back. Agamemnon sees this as an opportunity for power. They set off with 1000 ships holding 50000 Greeks to Troy. sibling relationship adultery mythology beauty trojan war bravery wall fraud hostility epic sword fight battlefield historical fiction ancient world based on song poem or rhyme pyre ancient greece peplum trojan horse bronze age sparta greece helen of troy homer's iliad muscular men ships sword and sandal helmet Adventure History War Action
660982 It's Senior year at East Great Falls. Annie Kayla Michelle and Stephanie decide to harness their girl power and band together to get what they want their last year of high school. high school teen movie spin off pie Comedy
400535 Agent Matt Graver teams up with operative Alejandro Gillick to prevent Mexican drug cartels from smuggling terrorists across the United States border. corruption cia sequel rescue shootout explosion brutality drugs sign languages cartel neo noir mexican cartel Action Crime Drama Thriller
628964 A year after losing her mother a young girl learns that she must journey across Japan to the annual gathering of gods in the sacred land of Izumo. supernatural slice of life historical gods folklore anime Animation Drama Fantasy Family
296 It's been 10 years since John Connor saved Earth from Judgment Day and he's now living under the radar steering clear of using anything Skynet can trace. That is until he encounters T-X a robotic assassin ordered to finish what T-1000 started. Good thing Connor's former nemesis the Terminator is back to aid the now-adult Connor … just like he promised. saving the world artificial intelligence man vs machine cyborg killer robot leather jacket nanotechnology rocket launcher veterinarian fire engine villain time travel dystopia psychiatrist urban setting firefighter action hero 2030s good versus evil terminator Action Thriller Science Fiction
589082 Hakubo tells the story of two young people who live in rural Fukushima: Sachi Koyama a girl who excels at playing the violin and Yuusuke Kijinami a boy who loves to paint. After an awkward chance encounter the two meet and begin to fall in love but Yuusuke is still living in the shadow of the 2011 Tohoku earthquake and tsunami. natural disaster slice of life school anime club music Animation Drama
917007 After struggling to start a family Julie Rivers becomes pregnant and moves into a new home with her husband. She's ordered to mandatory bed rest and begins seeing ghostly happenings throughout the house. pregnancy old house family tragedy Horror
339984 When Christy discovers her 10-year-old daughter Anna has a rare incurable disease she becomes a ferocious advocate for her daughter’s healing as she searches for a solution. After Anna has a freak accident and falls three stories a miracle unfolds in the wake of her dramatic rescue that leaves medical specialists mystified her family restored and their community inspired. based on novel or book parent child relationship miracle based on true story woman director incurable disease accident Family Drama
486589 Princes who have been turned into Dwarfs seek the red shoes of a lady in order to break the spell although it will not be easy. shoe Animation Romance Family
81188 When an evil spirit known as Pitch lays down the gauntlet to take over the world the immortal Guardians must join forces for the first time to protect the hopes beliefs and imagination of children all over the world. new york city amnesia santa claus friendship cartoon boogeyman jack frost duringcreditsstinger christmas Family Animation Fantasy Action Adventure
721625 During a pandemic lockdown Nico a young man with rare immunity must overcome martial law murderous vigilantes and a powerful family to reunite with his love Sara. post apocalyptic future quarantine lockdown pandemic covid 19 shot in lockdown Thriller Romance Drama Mystery
10358 Lifelong platonic friends Zack and Miri look to solve their respective cash-flow problems by making an adult film together. As the cameras roll however the duo begin to sense that they may have more feelings for each other than they previously thought. pornography love of one's life platonic love pornographic video best friend sex comedy friends in love aftercreditsstinger duringcreditsstinger Comedy
273477 Three scouts and lifelong friends join forces with one badass cocktail waitress to become the world’s most unlikely team of heroes.  When their peaceful town is ravaged by a zombie invasion they’ll fight for the badge of a lifetime and put their scouting skills to the test to save mankind from the undead. shotgun camping campsite strip club gore zombie dripping blood flesh eating boy scouts zombie apocalypse Comedy Horror
11360 Dumbo is a baby elephant born with over-sized ears and a supreme lack of confidence. But thanks to his even more diminutive buddy Timothy the Mouse  the pint-sized pachyderm learns to surmount all obstacles. circus mother dream mouse elephant nightmare suffering clown ear musical crow affection storch big ears Animation Family
"602269 Deputy Sheriff Joe ""Deke"" Deacon joins forces with Sgt. Jim Baxter to search for a serial killer who's terrorizing Los Angeles. As they track the culprit Baxter is unaware that the investigation is dredging up echoes of Deke's past uncovering disturbing secrets that could threaten more than his case. detective serial killer los angeles california 1990s Crime Drama Thriller"
780609 In the aftermath of a personal tragedy Harper retreats alone to the beautiful English countryside hoping to find a place to heal. But someone — or something — from the surrounding woods appears to be stalking her and what begins as simmering dread becomes a fully-formed nightmare inhabited by her darkest memories and fears. countryside vacation woods flashback church police officer apple tree grieving intruder body horror pub loss of husband house rental Horror Thriller Fantasy
15121 In the years before the Second World War a tomboyish postulant at an Austrian abbey is hired as a governess in the home of a widowed naval captain with seven children and brings a new love of life and music into the home. resistance world war ii musical austria music competition based on play or musical alps mountains governess convent (nunnery) novice puppet show nun in love nazi occupation 1930s playful joyous cheerful comforting joyful Drama Family Music Romance
142 Rodeo cowboy Jack and ranch hand Ennis are hired as sheepherders in 1963 Wyoming. One night on Brokeback Mountain they spark a physical relationship. Though Ennis marries his longtime sweetheart and Jack marries a fellow rodeo rider they keep up their tortured sporadic love affair for 20 years. secret love wyoming usa countryside homophobia marriage crisis intolerance in the closet summer cowboy lgbt star crossed lovers 1960s closeted homosexual gay romance gay theme gay relationship boys' love (bl) Drama Romance
1368 When former Green Beret John Rambo is harassed by local law enforcement and arrested for vagrancy the Vietnam vet snaps runs for the hills and rat-a-tat-tats his way into the action-movie hall of fame. Hounded by a relentless sheriff Rambo employs heavy-handed guerilla tactics to shake the cops off his tail. prison vietnam veteran falsely accused police brutality sheriff guerrilla warfare submachine gun gun hero destroy self defense vietnam vietnam war prosecution dying and death police operation attempt to escape matter of life and death tramp national guard firearm police escape rural area antihero Action Adventure Thriller War
25565 On their home planet of Cybertron the Autobots and Decepticons are involved in an explosive battle over the coveted AllSpark. With the fate of the universe at stake the Autobots send it far from the reaches of the ruthless Megatron leader of the Decepticons. But there are even more surprises in store when it crash-lands on Earth. giant robot robot transforming robot faction Animation Action Thriller Science Fiction
656156 After spending a decade in prison a hitman learns that he has a daughter and just wants a chance at a normal life. But his former mob boss wants him back at any cost sending merciless assassins after him. gang underworld Action Thriller Drama
316727 Two years after choosing not to kill the man who killed his son former police sergeant Leo Barnes has become head of security for Senator Charlene Roan the front runner in the next Presidential election due to her vow to eliminate the Purge. On the night of what should be the final Purge a betrayal from within the government forces Barnes and Roan out onto the street where they must fight to survive the night. dystopia sequel legalized murder Action Horror Thriller
581392 A soldier and his team battle hordes of post-apocalyptic zombies in the wastelands of the Korean Peninsula. dystopia sequel zombie busan south korea south korea Action Horror Thriller
204082 Phil Broker is a former DEA agent who has gone through a crisis after his action against a biker gang went horribly wrong and it cost the life of his boss' son. He is recently widowed and is left with a 9-years-old daughter Maddy. He decides to quit the turbulent and demanding life of thrill for Maddy's sake and retires to a small town. His daughter fights off a boy who was bullying her at school and this sets in motion a round of events that end in his direct confrontation with the local Meth drug lord. His past history with the biker gang also enters the arena making matters more complex. But he has a mission in his mind to protect his daughter and he is ready to pay any cost that it demands. based on novel or book parent child relationship drug dealer police operation daughter police ex cop bayou rural area undercover cop drug dealing motorcycle gang drugs revenge motive Action Thriller
605 The human city of Zion defends itself against the massive invasion of the machines as Neo fights to end the war at another front while also opposing the rogue Agent Smith. dying and death rescue future mission man vs machine underground world machine town martial arts kung fu hero dream fortune teller artificial intelligence (a.i.) computer saving the world flying temple computer virus virtual reality fight faith truth philosophy key killer robot subway dystopia sun sunlight precognition super computer ying yang cyberpunk woman director action hero gnosticism grand Adventure Action Thriller Science Fiction
10895 When loving Geppetto creates a wooden puppet his wish is granted when it comes to life as a little wooden boy named Pinocchio. With his faithful friend and conscience Jiminy Cricket by his side Pinocchio embarks on fantastic adventures that his bravery loyalty and honesty until triumphs in his triumphs in his quest for his heart's desire: to become a real boy. rescue sea child abuse based on novel or book magic whale italy lie fairy villain carnival wish puppet nose conscience wish fulfillment toy comes to life animal cruelty child slavery pinocchio cartoon donkey Animation Family Fantasy
942999 Clara a mother of two teenagers is a woman open to new experiences who decides to create a profile on TILINK a dating app. What goes through the mind of a twenty-something when she finds her own mother's profile on Tilink the trendy dating app? Yes his mother is still young. Yes she's divorced from her father and has the right to rebuild her life but.... Doesn't she know what Tilink is? There are only guys who are going to use her and then dump her sex snipers... like himself. Dani and his sister Milena will embark on the delirious adventure of boycotting their mother's flirtations and will go all out when the woman starts a more serious relationship with an Argentine yogurt man convinced that he will only make her suffer. Only that the brothers' strategies will have the opposite effect to the desired one there will be more and more men in their mother's life and nothing will turn out as they expect. nan Comedy
109424 The true story of Captain Richard Phillips and the 2009 hijacking by Somali pirates of the US-flagged MV Maersk Alabama the first American cargo ship to be hijacked in two hundred years. ship fisherman hijacking somalia poverty pirate terrorism commando hijack cargo ship ship hijacking somali Action Drama Thriller
3175 An Irish rogue uses his cunning and wit to work his way up the social classes of 18th century England transforming himself from the humble Redmond Barry into the noble Barry Lyndon. based on novel or book gambling desertion fencing palace british army opportunist wealth debt duel ireland british soldier 18th century card playing pistol duel seven years war nobility prussia Drama Romance War
136799 Lovable and friendly the trolls love to play around. But one day a mysterious giant shows up to end the party. Poppy the optimistic leader of the Trolls and her polar opposite Branch must embark on an adventure that takes them far beyond the only world they’ve ever known. based on toy troll Family Animation Fantasy Adventure Comedy Music
284303 In the heat of the summer lays a lonesome house in the countryside where nine year old twin brothers await their mother’s return.  When she comes home bandaged after cosmetic surgery nothing is like before and the children start to doubt whether this woman is actually who she says she is. countryside fire cat austria lake mask priest punishment arson torture bathtub twins divorce mental illness dream sequence doppelgänger graveyard woman director mother son relationship cosmetic surgery animal mask brother brother relationship Horror Drama Thriller Mystery
1712 Wealthy rancher Bick Benedict and dirt-poor cowboy Jett Rink both woo Leslie Lynnton a beautiful young woman from Maryland who is new to Texas. She marries Benedict but she is shocked by the racial bigotry of the White Texans against the local people of Mexican descent. Rink discovers oil on a small plot of land and while he uses his vast new wealth to buy all the land surrounding the Benedict ranch the Benedict's disagreement over prejudice fuels conflict that runs across generations. hotel petrol jealousy judge funeral texas wine cellar ranch senator restaurant sexism rags to riches beef tycoon maryland barbecue (bbq) birthday party turkey pony riding class hunting Drama Western
197402 Kurosaki Ichigo the temporary Shinigami (Death God) for Kuchiki Rukia discovers his mother's killer as one of the Hollows he has been hunting. He does battle with it in a prideful battle of revenge. shounen anime bleach Action Drama Fantasy Animation
597208 An ambitious carnival man with a talent for manipulating people with a few well-chosen words hooks up with a female psychologist who is even more dangerous than he is. infidelity based on novel or book love triangle tarot cards mentor hustler lie supernatural carnival con artist murder fugitive alcoholic grifter séance carny neo noir 1940s mentalist violence Crime Thriller Drama
787752 Frustrated by scrolling dating apps only to end up on lame tedious dates Noa takes a chance by giving her number to the awkwardly charming Steve after a produce-section meet-cute at the grocery store. date kidnapping female friendship meat love dating cannibal body mutilation woman director cannibalism Comedy Horror Thriller
350 Andy moves to New York to work in the fashion industry. Her boss is extremely demanding cruel and won't let her succeed if she doesn't fit into the high class elegant look of their magazine. paris france new york city journalist based on novel or book journalism fashion journal assistant job entrant job interview editor in chief fashion fashion magazine bullied city life fashion industry Comedy Drama Romance
617708 Accused of the genocide of Mayan people retired general Enrique is trapped in his mansion by massive protests. Abandoned by his staff the indignant old man and his family must face the devastating truth of his actions and the growing sense that a wrathful supernatural force is targeting them for his crimes. dictator war crimes trial genocide guatemala war criminal indigenous peoples guatemalan civil war Thriller Horror Drama
406 After a chaotic night of rioting in a marginal suburb of Paris three young friends Vinz Hubert and Saïd wander around unoccupied waiting for news about the state of health of a mutual friend who has been seriously injured when confronting the police. neo nazism police brutality hip hop paris france socially deprived family breakdance ghetto male friendship racism xenophobia day in a life paris suburb critical conceited Drama
774752 On a mission to make Christmas unforgettable for Quill the Guardians head to Earth in search of the perfect present. holiday superhero celebrity saving christmas talking dog based on movie aftercreditsstinger marvel cinematic universe (mcu) christmas special short film holiday special space dog Comedy Science Fiction Adventure
283566 In the aftermath of the Fourth Impact stranded without their Evangelions Shinji Asuka and Rei find refuge in one of the rare pockets of humanity that still exist on the ruined planet Earth. There each lives a life far different from their days as an Evangelion pilot. However the danger to the world is far from over. A new impact is looming on the horizon—one that will prove to be the true end of Evangelion. technology dystopia mecha battle cyber & mecha anime father son conflict humanity under attack post apocalypse Animation Action Science Fiction Drama
399360 In the prehistoric past Keda a young and inexperienced hunter struggles to return home after being separated from his tribe when bison hunting goes awry. On his way back he will find an unexpected ally. wolf ice age human animal relationship wilderness survival snow saber toothed tiger boy and dog injury prehistoric adventure prehistory pets bison upper palaeolithic boar Adventure Drama
19908 Columbus has made a habit of running from what scares him. Tallahassee doesn't have fears. If he did he'd kick their ever-living ass. In a world overrun by zombies these two are perfectly evolved survivors. But now they're about to stare down the most terrifying prospect of all: each other. washington dc usa sibling relationship circus post apocalyptic future blood splatter gore parody road trip zombie survival horror amusement park twinkie body count zombification disposing of a dead body loner aftercreditsstinger zombie apocalypse fear of clowns actor playing themself Comedy Horror
420817 A kindhearted street urchin named Aladdin embarks on a magical adventure after finding a lamp that releases a wisecracking genie while a power-hungry Grand Vizier vies for the same lamp that has the power to make their deepest wishes come true. hero hustler palace musical sultan flying carpet rags to riches romance monkey family first love based on myths legends or folklore genie arabian nights aladdin live action and animation live action remake Adventure Fantasy Romance Family
1900 An exploration of the United States of America's war on drugs from multiple perspectives. For the new head of the Office of National Drug Control Policy the war becomes personal when he discovers his well-educated daughter is abusing cocaine within their comfortable suburban home. In Mexico a flawed but noble policeman agrees to testify against a powerful general in league with a cartel and in San Diego a drug kingpin's sheltered trophy wife must learn her husband's ruthless business after he is arrested endangering her luxurious lifestyle. drug dealer daughter mother drug abuse drug smuggling smuggling (contraband) war on drugs drug trafficking addicted police operation father usa–mexico border addiction drug lord marriage dispute Thriller Drama Crime
1427 Jean-Baptiste Grenouille born in the stench of 18th century Paris develops a superior olfactory sense which he uses to create the world's finest perfumes. However his work takes a dark turn as he tries to preserve scents in the search for the ultimate perfume. daughter small town bad smell prostitute paris france based on novel or book obsession orgy genius supernatural lone wolf nose lavender child prodigy fish market murder death perfume 18th century Crime Fantasy Drama
8392 Two sisters move to the country with their father in order to be closer to their hospitalized mother and discover the surrounding trees are inhabited by Totoros magical spirits of the forest. When the youngest runs away from home the older sister seeks help from the spirits to find her. sibling relationship mother leave village rural area hospital new neighbor new home super power magical creature anime Fantasy Animation Family
680319 Lori and Doug break up right before Lori's sister's wedding and decide to pretend they're still together for the weekend as to not disrupt the fun. nan Romance Comedy
8078 Two hundred years after Lt. Ripley died a group of scientists clone her hoping to breed the ultimate weapon. But the new Ripley is full of surprises … as are the new aliens. Ripley must team with a band of smugglers to keep the creatures from reaching Earth. android smuggling (contraband) dystopia mercenary sequel alien betrayal cloning creature scientist flamethrower gene manipulation man in wheelchair breeding genetic engineering regeneration xenomorph alien queen explosive decompression absurd ridiculous Science Fiction Horror Action
"620 After losing their academic posts at a prestigious university a team of parapsychologists goes into business as proton-pack-toting ""ghostbusters"" who exterminate ghouls hobgoblins and supernatural pests of all stripes. An ad campaign pays off when a knockout cellist hires the squad to purge her swanky digs of demons that appear to be living in her refrigerator. new york city environmental protection agency library supernatural paranormal phenomena loser slime gatekeeper nerd giant monster haunting hybrid possession mythology horror spoof paranormal investigation urban setting super power receptionist world trade center ghost duringcreditsstinger ghostbusters hilarious admiring Comedy Fantasy"
246655 After the re-emergence of the world's first mutant world-destroyer Apocalypse the X-Men must unite to defeat his extinction level plan. hero mutant superhero based on comic superhuman super power superhero team world domination aftercreditsstinger 1980s Action Adventure Science Fiction Fantasy
17578 Intrepid young reporter Tintin and his loyal dog Snowy are thrust into a world of high adventure when they discover a ship carrying an explosive secret. As Tintin is drawn into a centuries-old mystery Ivan Ivanovitch Sakharine suspects him of stealing a priceless treasure. Tintin and Snowy with the help of salty cantankerous Captain Haddock and bumbling detectives Thompson and Thomson travel half the world one step ahead of their enemies as Tintin endeavors to find the Unicorn a sunken ship that may hold a vast fortune but also an ancient curse. treasure captain riddle morocco treasure hunt liquor based on comic sunken treasure reporter 1950s Adventure Animation Mystery
809717 When Peter sets out on a magical journey to rescue his little sister Anne he needs to travel to mysterious territory: the Moon! Anne was kidnapped by the evil Moon Man when she tried to help the beetle Mr. Zoomzeman in search for his wife. On his fantastic adventure Peter lands on the Star Meadow where he meets the sleepy Mr. Sandman. He knows only at the Night Fairy’s dinner in the castle in the clouds they can find out where Anne is – but there aren’t enough seats for everyone. So they join the wild race along the Milky Way against the five Spirits of Nature: Storm Giant Lightning Witch Henry Hail Rainy Robin and Mother Frost… nan Animation Adventure Comedy
591274 In 1978 two rival groups at Camp Nightwing must band together to solve a terrifying mystery when horrors from their towns' history come alive. based on novel or book 1970s summer camp curse witchcraft Mystery Horror
"16996 On the brink of a midlife crisis 30-something Mike O'Donnell wishes he could have a ""do-over."" And that's exactly what he gets when he wakes up one morning to find he's 17 years old again. With his adult mind stuck inside the body of a teenager Mike actually has the chance to reverse some decisions he wishes he'd never made. But maybe they weren't so bad after all. fake identity high school bullying high school sports adult as a child do over age change Comedy"
117251 Capitol Policeman John Cale has just been denied his dream job with the Secret Service of protecting President James Sawyer. Not wanting to let down his little girl with the news he takes her on a tour of the White House when the complex is overtaken by a heavily armed paramilitary group. Now with the nation's government falling into chaos and time running out it's up to Cale to save the president his daughter and the country. the white house usa president conspiracy secret service Action Drama Thriller
892515 Adrien an attractive dancer whose career was shattered by a motorbike accident wastes his youth in the laziness of the French Riviera where he is looked after by Martha a former movie star. Adrien’s life is turned upside down when he meets Margot a captivating beauty who lives for the thrill of scams and romantic entanglements. Together they fantasise about a better life and set up a diabolical scheme an emotional masquerade. nan Drama Comedy Romance Crime
39102 A Super Namekian named Slug comes to invade Earth. But the Z Warriors do their best to stop Slug and his gang. martial arts wish alien dragon anime Action Animation Science Fiction
81 After a global war the seaside kingdom known as the Valley of the Wind remains one of the last strongholds on Earth untouched by a poisonous jungle and the powerful insects that guard it. Led by the courageous Princess Nausicaä the people of the Valley engage in an epic struggle to restore the bond between humanity and Earth. future airplane saving the world human vs nature fungus spores post apocalyptic future giant insect toxic based on manga ecology anime Adventure Animation Fantasy
11324 World War II soldier-turned-U.S. Marshal Teddy Daniels investigates the disappearance of a patient from a hospital for the criminally insane but his efforts are compromised by troubling visions and a mysterious doctor. based on novel or book island hurricane investigation psychiatric hospital u.s. marshal conspiracy theory psychological thriller whodunit neo noir 1950s Drama Thriller Mystery
509967 After faking his death a tech billionaire recruits a team of international operatives for a bold and bloody mission to take down a brutal dictator. dictator florence italy shootout fictitious country evil dictator action packed street shootout Action Thriller Comedy
370663 An unexpected affair quickly escalates into a heart-stopping reality for two women whose passionate connection changes their lives forever. sexual identity infidelity female friendship love lesbian relationship female protagonist love affair lust lesbian sex sexual desire lgbt woman director erotic movie gay culture gender identity lesbian Drama Romance
286217 During a manned mission to Mars Astronaut Mark Watney is presumed dead after a fierce storm and left behind by his crew. But Watney has survived and finds himself stranded and alone on the hostile planet. With only meager supplies he must draw upon his ingenuity wit and spirit to subsist and find a way to signal to Earth that he is alive. based on novel or book planet mars nasa isolation spacecraft botanist alone stranded space engineering survival astronaut struggle for survival duringcreditsstinger deep space potatoes 2030s Drama Adventure Science Fiction
782648 A woman whose visit to a hair salon turns into a nightmare when she is blackmailed by its owner. nan Thriller
11322 Depression-era bank robber John Dillinger's charm and audacity endear him to much of America's downtrodden public but he's also a thorn in the side of J. Edgar Hoover and the fledgling FBI. Desperate to capture the elusive outlaw Hoover makes Dillinger his first Public Enemy Number One and assigns his top agent Melvin Purvis the task of bringing him in dead or alive. horse race gun gangster machinegun biography prison guard prison escape escape bank robbery surveillance tied up cops and robbers handgun pocket watch escape from jail 1930s manhunt vicious killings early 1900s sex fbi agent tied to a tree tied semi automatic rifle Action Crime
967 The rebellious Thracian Spartacus born and raised a slave is sold to Gladiator trainer Batiatus. After weeks of being trained to kill for the arena Spartacus turns on his owners and leads the other slaves in rebellion. As the rebels move from town to town their numbers swell as escaped slaves join their ranks. Under the leadership of Spartacus they make their way to southern Italy where they will cross the sea and return to their homes. gladiator roman empire gladiator fight slavery insurgence ancient rome epic gay interest historical fiction torture ancient world slave technicolor escaped slave 1st century gay subtext History War Drama Adventure
136797 The film revolves around a local street-racer who partners with a rich and arrogant business associate only to find himself framed by his colleague and sent to prison. After he gets out he joins a New York-to-Los Angeles race to get revenge. But when the ex-partner learns of the scheme he puts a massive bounty on the racer's head forcing him to run a cross-country gauntlet of illegal racers in all manner of supercharged vehicles. competition street race money super speed based on video game driver duringcreditsstinger Action Crime Drama Thriller
799876 Leonard is an English tailor who used to craft suits on London’s world-famous Savile Row. After a personal tragedy he’s ended up in Chicago operating a small tailor shop in a rough part of town where he makes beautiful clothes for the only people around who can afford them: a family of vicious gangsters. chicago illinois murder organized crime mobster killer double cross tailor one night 1950s single set gangsters Crime
589082 Hakubo tells the story of two young people who live in rural Fukushima: Sachi Koyama a girl who excels at playing the violin and Yuusuke Kijinami a boy who loves to paint. After an awkward chance encounter the two meet and begin to fall in love but Yuusuke is still living in the shadow of the 2011 Tohoku earthquake and tsunami. natural disaster slice of life school anime club music Animation Drama
809107 Zed and Addison are beginning their final year at Seabrook High in the town that’s become a safe haven for monsters and humans alike. Zed is anticipating an athletic scholarship that will make him the first Zombie to attend college while Addison is gearing up for Seabrook’s first international cheer-off competition. Then suddenly extraterrestrial beings appear around Seabrook provoking something other than friendly competition. musical high school alien high school graduation zombie alien contact Music Fantasy Comedy Science Fiction Family TV Movie
68735 The peaceful realm of Azeroth stands on the brink of war as its civilization faces a fearsome race of invaders: orc warriors fleeing their dying home to colonize another. As a portal opens to connect the two worlds one army faces destruction and the other faces extinction. From opposing sides two heroes are set on a collision course that will decide the fate of their family their people and their home. video game elves orcs magic chase based on comic world of warcraft sorcerer fictional war based on video game wizard fictional language live action and animation muscles orc sword and sorcery Action Adventure Fantasy
855 When U.S. Rangers and an elite Delta Force team attempt to kidnap two underlings of a Somali warlord their Black Hawk helicopters are shot down and the Americans suffer heavy casualties facing intense fighting from the militia on the ground. based on novel or book ambush chaos militia prisoner of war wound somalia warlord famine arms dealer based on true story delta force gunfight combat us military 1990s helicopter crash mogadishu rescue operation peacekeeper soldiers street shootout Action War History
"50270 A young country girl comes to town and works in a brothel in order to help her fiance get the money to start his own business. ""Paprika"" is the name given to her by the madam. italy prostitute rome italy based on novel or book brothel self sacrifice pimp marriage train prostitution suburb softcore erotic movie Drama"
835739 From Goldilocks to Hansel and Gretel the Super Monsters reimagine classic fairy tales and favorite nursery rhymes with a musical magical spin! nan Animation
"9397 A comedy that follows the chaos that ensues when a meteor hits the Earth carrying alien life forms that give new meaning to the term ""survival of the fittest."" David Duchovny Orlando Jones Seann William Scott and Julianne Moore are the only people standing between the aliens and world domination... which could be bad news for the Earth. governor fire engine giant monster grand canyon alien life form shampoo evolution high school teacher government scientist napalm primate advertisement Comedy Science Fiction Action"
401478 Black Ops specialist Connor Gibson infiltrates a maximum security prison to take down legendary driver Frankenstein in a violent and brutal car race. prison car race sequel street race infiltration death game Action Thriller Science Fiction
"14438 Caleb Holt a heroic fire captain who values dedication and service to others above all else. But the most important partnership in his life his marriage is about to go up in smoke. This gripping story follows one man's desire to transform his life and marriage through the healing power of faith and fully embrace the fireman's code: ""Never leave your partner behind."" fire parent child relationship husband wife relationship advice marriage faith dysfunctional marriage religious conversion hospital marital problem firefighter christian film christian Drama Romance"
9373 After picking up a traumatized young hitchhiker five friends find themselves stalked and hunted by a chainsaw-wielding killer and his family of equally psychopathic killers. suicide sheriff psychopath trauma telephone gore stalker friends remake murder hitchhiker slaughterhouse chainsaw torture cannibal killer family graphic violence human skin mask Horror
278927 A man-cub named Mowgli fostered by wolves. After a threat from the tiger Shere Khan Mowgli is forced to flee the jungle by which he embarks on a journey of self discovery with the help of the panther Bagheera and the free-spirited bear Baloo. based on novel or book snake elephant wolf tiger feral child anthropomorphism remake jungle bear orphan ape monkey animals talking to animals live action and animation live action remake Family Adventure Drama Fantasy
966 An oppressed Mexican peasant village hires seven gunfighters to help defend their homes. horse village friendship remake bandit farmer cowboy white man's burden henry rifle hired gun Western Action Adventure
652837 With dreams of diving abroad Tsuneo gets a job assisting Josee an artist whose imagination takes her far beyond her wheelchair. But when the tide turns against them they push each other to places they never thought possible and inspire a love fit for a storybook. based on novel or book paraplegic love slice of life relationship disability anime Animation Drama Romance
492606 HBO's animated history of Westeros brings to life all the events that shaped the Seven Kingdoms in the thousands of years before Game of Thrones' story begins. nan Animation Fantasy War TV Movie
"50723 Assigned on a mission to capture Mukade a missing-nin Naruto Uzumaki sets out for the once glorious historic ruins of ""Ouran"" where he pursues and corners the rouge ninja. Mukade's goal is revealed to be a dormant leyline within the ruins; he unleashes the power of the leyline causing a light to envelop Naruto sending him into the past 20 years before the series began. When Naruto awakens he comes into contact with the Fourth Hokage Minato Namikaze. anime Adventure Action Animation"
215 The chilling and relentless Jigsaw killer returns to terrorize the city once again. When a gruesome murder victim emerges with unmistakable traces of Jigsaw's sinister methods Detective Eric Matthews is thrust into a high-stakes investigation. To his surprise apprehending Jigsaw seems almost too easy but what he doesn't realize is that being caught is merely another piece of Jigsaw's intricate puzzle. sadism riddle serial killer torture survival horror death match macabre mind game death game Horror
615904 Music superstars Kat Valdez and Bastian are getting married before a global audience of fans. But when Kat learns seconds before her vows that Bastian has been unfaithful she decides to marry Charlie a stranger in the crowd instead. marriage celebrity based on comic wedding duringcreditsstinger Romance Comedy Music
339846 Devoted lifeguard Mitch Buchannon butts heads with a brash new recruit. Together they uncover a local criminal plot that threatens the future of the Bay. sea beach drug dealer yacht life saver lifeguard rookie vigilantism Comedy Action Crime
364 While Batman deals with a deformed man calling himself the Penguin an employee of a corrupt businessman transforms into the Catwoman. double life corruption darkness crime fighter superhero hallucination villain christmas tree based on comic revenge vigilante dark hero super power super villain deformed bird cage evil circus christmas good versus evil burton Action Fantasy
854 When timid bank clerk Stanley Ipkiss discovers a magical mask containing the spirit of the Norse god Loki his entire life changes. While wearing the mask Ipkiss becomes a supernatural playboy exuding charm and confidence which allows him to catch the eye of local nightclub singer Tina Carlyle. Unfortunately under the mask's influence Ipkiss also robs a bank which angers junior crime lord Dorian Tyrell whose goons get blamed for the heist. dual identity bank mockery villain transformation slapstick comedy superhero based on comic surrealism balloon dog urban setting jail cell wisecrack humor super villain norse mythology supernatural power the mask Romance Comedy Crime Fantasy
316029 The story of American showman P.T. Barnum founder of the circus that became the famous traveling Ringling Bros. and Barnum & Bailey Circus. adultery circus musical biography rags to riches based on true story outcast singing dreamer freak show Drama
614917 The story of how Richard Williams served as a coach to his daughters Venus and Serena who will soon become two of the most legendary tennis players in history. tennis tennis player father based on true story family tennis pro sport Drama History
756999 Finney Blake a shy but clever 13-year-old boy is abducted by a sadistic killer and trapped in a soundproof basement where screaming is of little use. When a disconnected phone on the wall begins to ring Finney discovers that he can hear the voices of the killer’s previous victims. And they are dead set on making sure that what happened to them doesn’t happen to Finney. mask small town child abuse dream sibling relationship kidnapping sadistic 1970s supernatural cellar colorado bullying basement serial killer based on short story alcoholic father child kidnapping Crime Drama Horror Thriller
"4523 The beautiful princess Giselle is banished by an evil queen from her magical musical animated land and finds herself in the gritty reality of the streets of modern-day Manhattan. Shocked by this strange new environment that doesn't operate on a ""happily ever after"" basis Giselle is now adrift in a chaotic world badly in need of enchantment. But when Giselle begins to fall in love with a charmingly flawed divorce lawyer who has come to her aid - even though she is already promised to a perfect fairy tale prince back home - she has to wonder: Can a storybook view of romance survive in the real world? princess new york city magic fairy tale poison queen prince musical portal female protagonist manhattan new york city evil queen fantasy world evil witch true love part animation live action and animation central park new york city Comedy Family Fantasy Romance"
281338 Caesar and his apes are forced into a deadly conflict with an army of humans led by a ruthless Colonel. After the apes suffer unimaginable losses Caesar wrestles with his darker instincts and begins his own mythic quest to avenge his kind. As the journey finally brings them face to face Caesar and the Colonel are pitted against each other in an epic battle that will determine the fate of both their species and the future of the planet. suicide based on novel or book slavery sequel anthropomorphism revenge ape avalanche virus father son relationship 2040s Drama Science Fiction War
726759 In 1988 American video game salesman Henk Rogers discovers the video game Tetris. When he sets out to bring the game to the world he enters a dangerous web of lies and corruption behind the Iron Curtain. video game based on true story salesman 1980s Thriller History Drama
79 One man defeated three assassins who sought to murder the most powerful warlord in pre-unified China. countryside loss of loved one martial arts kung fu right and justice patriot wuxia warring states period 3rd century bc Drama Adventure Action History
931642 A drifting ex-soldier turns underground fighter with the help of a just-released ex-con pitting him against corrupt cops and hired killers now gunning for him and all those he cares about. nan Action Thriller
245842 King Louis XIV's quest for immortality leads him to capture and steal a mermaid's life force a move that is further complicated by his illegitimate daughter's discovery of the creature. based on novel or book immortality mermaid period drama illegitimate child quest 17th century Fantasy Adventure Family
"1572 New York detective John McClane is back and kicking bad-guy butt in the third installment of this action-packed series which finds him teaming with civilian Zeus Carver to prevent the loss of innocent lives. McClane thought he'd seen it all until a genius named Simon engages McClane his new ""partner"" -- and his beloved city -- in a deadly game that demands their concentration. new york city bomb taxi riddle robbery detective helicopter gold fbi fistfight police sequel revenge deception flashback shootout explosion cargo ship simon says dump truck aqueduct bomb threat action hero federal reserve bank nyc subway Action Thriller"
396422 Several years after the tragic death of their little girl a doll maker and his wife welcome a nun and several girls from a shuttered orphanage into their home soon becoming the target of the doll maker's possessed creation—Annabelle. prequel evil doll demon spin off demonic possession ghost aftercreditsstinger duringcreditsstinger Horror Mystery Thriller
23168 Doug MacRay is a longtime thief who smarter than the rest of his crew is looking for his chance to exit the game. When a bank job leads to the group kidnapping an attractive branch manager he takes on the role of monitoring her – but their burgeoning relationship threatens to unveil the identities of Doug and his crew to the FBI Agent who is on their case. based on novel or book money laundering ambulance boston massachusetts massachusetts bank manager drug dealer florist flower shop hold up robbery volunteer stolen money friends heist boston garden police chase best friend bank robbery car fire fenway park Crime Drama Thriller
359724 American car designer Carroll Shelby and the British-born driver Ken Miles work together to battle corporate interference the laws of physics and their own personal demons to build a revolutionary race car for Ford Motor Company and take on the dominating race cars of Enzo Ferrari at the 24 Hours of Le Mans in France in 1966. based on novel or book car race car mechanic biography sports based on true story le mans racing racecar driver race car driver 1960s Drama Action History
442249 To push the crime rate below one percent for the rest of the year the New Founding Fathers of America test a sociological theory that vents aggression for one night in one isolated community. But when the violence of oppressors meets the rage of the others the contagion will explode from the trial-city borders and spread across the nation. new york city new jersey sequel prequel murder purge abuse of power new york Horror Action Thriller
4552 A recently released patient from a mental institution returns home with her sister only to face disturbing events between her stepmother and the ghosts haunting their house- all of which are connected to a dark past in the family's history. loss of loved one amnesia stepmother sister horror tragedy vengeful ghost Drama Horror Mystery
"11544 As Stitch a runaway genetic experiment from a faraway planet wreaks havoc on the Hawaiian Islands he becomes the mischievous adopted alien ""puppy"" of an independent little girl named Lilo and learns about loyalty friendship and ʻohana the Hawaiian tradition of family. sibling relationship mutation extraterrestrial technology hawaii adoption alien life form dog dead parents native hawaiian Animation Family"
137106 An ordinary Lego mini-figure mistakenly thought to be the extraordinary MasterBuilder is recruited to join a quest to stop an evil Lego tyrant from conquering the universe. friendship parent child relationship prophecy superhero villain based on comic part live action based on toy falling in love anti villain super power good cop bad cop duringcreditsstinger live action and animation lego father son relationship loving mischievous playful irreverent evil tyrant witty hilarious whimsical celebratory euphoric exhilarated exuberant ridiculous Animation Family Adventure Comedy Fantasy
10140 This time around Edmund and Lucy Pevensie along with their pesky cousin Eustace Scrubb find themselves swallowed into a painting and on to a fantastic Narnian ship headed for the very edges of the world. based on novel or book lion magic epic anthropomorphism dragon king fantasy world snowing sea voyage quest high fantasy father son relationship brother sister relationship turned into animal based on young adult novel good versus evil Adventure Family Fantasy
13475 The fate of the galaxy rests in the hands of bitter rivals. One James Kirk is a delinquent thrill-seeking Iowa farm boy. The other Spock a Vulcan was raised in a logic-based society that rejects all emotion. As fiery instinct clashes with calm reason their unlikely but powerful partnership is the only thing capable of leading their crew through unimaginable danger boldly going where no one has gone before. The human adventure has begun again. san francisco california spacecraft teleportation space mission parachute time travel black hole supernova prequel warp speed futuristic warp engine space romulans alternate reality space opera reboot unlikely friendship child driving car 23rd century based on tv series 24th century Science Fiction Action Adventure
"42246 After being evicted from their old house by Tom's owner for causing major damage cat and mouse Tom and Jerry enter a race entitled the ""Fabulous Super Race"" to win a mansion. car race cartoon parody racing anthropomorphism animal race car Family Animation Comedy Action Adventure"
896221 Queen Poppy plans the first annual Trolls Kingdom Secret Holiday Gift Swap but things don't go quite as expected. holiday musical short film Animation Fantasy Family
857910 Through songs and puns comedian Lokillo Florez hilariously reviews how Latin Americans have adjusted to a new world where no-hugging policies prevail. stand up comedy Comedy
876716 With his best friend Luca away at school Alberto is enjoying his new life in Portorosso working alongside Massimo – the imposing tattooed one-armed fisherman of few words – who's quite possibly the coolest human in the entire world as far as Alberto is concerned. He wants more than anything to impress his mentor but it's easier said than done. sea mentor boat pasta short film silence Animation Comedy Family Fantasy
338952 Gellert Grindelwald has escaped imprisonment and has begun gathering followers to his cause—elevating wizards above all non-magical beings. The only one capable of putting a stop to him is the wizard he once called his closest friend Albus Dumbledore. However Dumbledore will need to seek help from the wizard who had thwarted Grindelwald once before his former student Newt Scamander who agrees to help unaware of the dangers that lie ahead. Lines are drawn as love and loyalty are tested even among the truest friends and family in an increasingly divided wizarding world. witch new york city paris france magic school of witchcraft sequel prison escape old flame wizard magical creature 1920s based on young adult novel good versus evil dark magic follower wizarding world Fantasy Adventure
841755 The Earthrealm heroes must journey to the Outworld and fight for the survival of their homeland invaded by the forces of evil warlord Shao Kahn in the tournament to end all tournaments: the final Mortal Kombat. chosen one based on video game martial arts tournament extreme blood Animation Action Fantasy
10555 Oscar is a small fish whose big aspirations often get him into trouble. Meanwhile Lenny is a great white shark with a surprising secret that no sea creature would guess: He's a vegetarian. When a lie turns Oscar into an improbable hero and Lenny becomes an outcast the two form an unlikely friendship. fish hero mission of murder threat of death secret love shark woman director Animation Action Comedy Family
9792 Based on Wes Craven's 1977 suspenseful cult classic The Hills Have Eyes is the story of a family road trip that goes terrifyingly awry when the travelers become stranded in a government atomic zone. Miles from nowhere the Carter family soon realizes the seemingly uninhabited wasteland is actually the breeding ground of a blood-thirsty mutant family...and they are the prey. van rape ambush gas station new mexico gore remake serial killer slasher brutality cannibal killer desert family holiday madness ghost town torture porn lost in the desert nuclear testing human monster Horror Thriller
626412 A group of escaped aliens at her tail Lee Ahn searches for the divine sword that could open a time-travelling portal which would bring the in the past trapped Guard and the cyborg Thunder back to the year 2022. There is also the bounty hunter Mureuk who has rescued Lee Ahn from many difficult situations who begins to suspect that an alien presence has entered his body. When the group finally manages to cross over to the present they find brutal devastation: The powerful alien Controller has released the extraterrestrial substance Haava and thousands have died. Lee Ahn Thunder and Mureuk don’t have much time to hunt down the enormous number of hostile aliens and save humanity. nan Science Fiction Action Fantasy Adventure
508439 In a suburban fantasy world two teenage elf brothers embark on an extraordinary quest to discover if there is still a little magic left out there. elves magic dead father dead parent fantasy world teenage protagonist brother brother relationship stereoscopic Family Animation Adventure Comedy Fantasy Action
3933 Set in a 19th-century European village this stop-motion animation feature follows the story of Victor a young man whisked away to the underworld and wed to a mysterious corpse bride while his real bride Victoria waits bereft in the land of the living. skeleton love triangle cheating wedding vows shyness arranged marriage marriage grave musical wedding ring money stop motion wedding corpse wedding ceremony playing piano parents dark fantasy ring scoundrel 19th century underworld Romance Fantasy Animation
818750 After surviving a car accident that took the life of her boyfriend a teenage girl believes he's attempting to reconnect with her from the after world. nan Romance Science Fiction Drama
36728 Ninjas with bloodline limits begin disappearing in all the countries and blame points toward the fire nation. By Tsunade's order Kakashi is sacrificed to prevent an all out war. After inheriting charms left by Kakashi Naruto fights through friends and foes to prevent his death while changing the minds of those who've inherited the will of fire. ninja fighter anime Action Adventure Comedy Drama Fantasy Animation
313369 Mia an aspiring actress serves lattes to movie stars in between auditions and Sebastian a jazz musician scrapes by playing cocktail party gigs in dingy bars but as success mounts they are faced with decisions that begin to fray the fragile fabric of their love affair and the dreams they worked so hard to maintain in each other threaten to rip them apart. dancing dance jazz musical ambition casting coffee shop jazz club traffic jam hollywood los angeles california pianist pier audition planetarium aspiring actor movie set sunset one woman show pool party griffith observatory romantic cheerful Comedy Drama Romance Music
765172 When a mysterious stranger arrives from the future with a dire warning Leo is forced to rise and lead his brothers Raph Donnie and Mikey in a fight to save the world from a terrifying alien species. nan Animation Action Science Fiction
7131 Famed monster slayer Gabriel Van Helsing is dispatched to Transylvania to assist the last of the Valerious bloodline in defeating Count Dracula. Anna Valerious reveals that Dracula has formed an unholy alliance with Dr. Frankenstein's monster and is hell-bent on exacting a centuries-old curse on her family. transylvania vatican castle vampire bite steampunk werewolf van helsing notre dame cathedral 19th century mr. hyde frankenstein dracula Horror Adventure Action
76726 Three high school students make an incredible discovery leading to their developing uncanny powers beyond their understanding. As they learn to control their abilities and use them to their advantage their lives start to spin out of control and their darker sides begin to take over. flying seattle usa telekinesis friendship horror loneliness outcast coming of age super power found footage aftercreditsstinger abuse based on short film teenager Science Fiction Drama Thriller
11770 A young Shaolin follower reunites with his discouraged brothers to form a soccer team using their martial art skills to their advantage. martial arts kung fu stadium champion sports shaolin steel helmet football (soccer) football (soccer) player Action Comedy
2454 One year after their incredible adventures in the Lion the Witch and the Wardrobe Peter Edmund Lucy and Susan Pevensie return to Narnia to aid a young prince whose life has been threatened by the evil King Miraz. Now with the help of a colorful cast of new characters including Trufflehunter the badger and Nikabrik the dwarf the Pevensie clan embarks on an incredible quest to ensure that Narnia is returned to its rightful heir. sibling relationship witch based on novel or book lion prince wretch matter of life and death faith uncle epic family relationships battle based on children's book fantasy world 1940s high fantasy based on young adult novel good versus evil Adventure Family Fantasy
137113 Major Bill Cage is an officer who has never seen a day of combat when he is unceremoniously demoted and dropped into combat. Cage is killed within minutes managing to take an alpha alien down with him. He awakens back at the beginning of the same day and is forced to fight and die again... and again - as physical contact with the alien has thrown him into a time loop. deja vu based on novel or book restart dystopia training thriller alien time loop military officer soldier based on manga alien invasion war hero exoskeleton soldiers war Action Science Fiction
7518 A scheming raccoon fools a mismatched family of forest creatures into helping him repay a debt of food by invading the new suburban sprawl that popped up while they were hibernating – and learns a lesson about family himself. suburbian idyll garbage entrapment squirrel garden grizzly bear turtle forest racoon suburb animal Family Comedy Animation
16366 In this animated retelling of the story from the Bible's Book of Genesis Joseph's gift of dream interpretation and his brilliantly colored coat inspires jealousy in his brothers. bible faith ancient egypt christian film Family Animation
743439 A royal relative steals a gem with the power to make things fly the Paw Patrol takes to the skies to stop him and save Barkingburg. nan Family Animation
243 When record store owner and compulsive list-compiler Rob Gordon gets dumped by his long-time girlfriend Laura because he hasn't changed since they met he revisits his top five breakups of all time in order to figure out what went wrong. As he examines his failed attempts at romance and happiness the process finds him being dragged kicking and screaming into adulthood. chicago illinois rock 'n' roll music record disc jockey pop ex girlfriend music journalist relationship problems record label flashback breaking the fourth wall fear of commitment falling in love break up record record album music scene breaking up with boyfriend music culture record store top five dating history Drama Comedy Romance Music
273481 An idealistic FBI agent is enlisted by a government task force to aid in the escalating war against drugs at the border area between the U.S. and Mexico. bomb mexico cia smoking texas fbi border murder dirty cop football (soccer) drugs night vision death of daughter tunnel el paso moral dilemma neo noir death of wife mexican cartel secret tunnel Action Crime Thriller
539681 When Superman and the rest of the Justice League are kidnapped Krypto the Super-Dog must convince a rag-tag shelter pack - Ace the hound PB the potbellied pig Merton the turtle and Chip the squirrel - to master their own newfound powers and help him rescue the superheroes. superhero villain based on comic super power aftercreditsstinger duringcreditsstinger evil mastermind supervillain talking animal Animation Action Family Comedy Science Fiction
476968 Risking his life Luke ventures to Rome to visit Paul -- the apostle who's bound in chains and held captive in Nero's darkest and bleakest prison cell. Haunted by the shadows of his past misdeeds Paul wonders if he's been forgotten as he awaits his grisly execution. Before Paul's death Luke resolves to write another book that details the birth of what will come to be known as the church. roman empire bible nero 1st century christian film Drama History
333484 Looking to mine for gold greedy industrialist Bartholomew Bogue seizes control of the Old West town of Rose Creek. With their lives in jeopardy Emma Cullen and other desperate residents turn to bounty hunter Sam Chisolm for help. Chisolm recruits an eclectic group of gunslingers to take on Bogue and his ruthless henchmen. With a deadly showdown on the horizon the seven mercenaries soon find themselves fighting for more than just money once the bullets start to fly. remake Adventure Action Western
11969 Legendary marshal Wyatt Earp now a weary gunfighter joins his brothers Morgan and Virgil to pursue their collective fortune in the thriving mining town of Tombstone. But Earp is forced to don a badge again and get help from his notorious pal Doc Holliday when a gang of renegade brigands and rustlers begins terrorizing the town. right and justice saloon arizona retirement historical figure wyatt earp doc holliday gambler tuberculosis gunfighter tombstone arizona 19th century ok corral Western Action
"364689 Ferdinand a little bull prefers sitting quietly under a cork tree just smelling the flowers versus jumping around snorting and butting heads with other bulls. As Ferdinand grows big and strong his temperament remains mellow but one day five men come to choose the ""biggest fastest roughest bull"" for the bullfights in Madrid and Ferdinand is mistakenly chosen.  Based on the classic 1936 children's book by Munro Leaf. spain madrid spain europe friendship remake anthropomorphism bull based on children's book capture Animation Family Adventure Comedy"
429 While the Civil War rages on between the Union and the Confederacy three men – a quiet loner a ruthless hitman and a Mexican bandit – comb the American Southwest in search of a strongbox containing $200000 in stolen gold. bounty hunter refugee gold anti hero gallows hitman army outlaw shootout moral ambiguity spaghetti western Western
6977 Llewelyn Moss stumbles upon dead bodies $2 million and a hoard of heroin in a Texas desert but methodical killer Anton Chigurh comes looking for it with local sheriff Ed Tom Bell hot on his trail. The roles of prey and predator blur as the violent pursuit of money and justice collide. vietnam veteran sheriff based on novel or book texas drug trafficking hitman usa–mexico border psychopath horror desert modern day western neo western cold blooded killer neo noir 1980s coin toss captive bolt gun western noir horror western faithful adaptation Crime Drama Thriller
170 Twenty-eight days after a killer virus was accidentally unleashed from a British research facility a small group of London survivors are caught in a desperate struggle to protect themselves from the infected. Carried by animals and humans the virus turns those it infects into homicidal maniacs -- and it's absolutely impossible to contain. london england taxi submachine gun gas station daughter laboratory hospital zombie brutality church rage epidemic cult film military virus waking from coma animal research Horror Thriller Science Fiction
9316 When the head of a statue sacred to a village is stolen a young martial artist goes to the big city and finds himself taking on the underworld to retrieve it. martial arts thailand sculpture fighter muay thai fate Action Thriller
13002 King Randolph sends for his cousin Duchess Rowena to help turn his daughters Princess Genevieve and her 11 sisters into better ladies. But the Duchess takes away all the sisters fun including the sisters favorite pastime: dancing.Thinking all hope is lost they find a secret passageway to a magical land were they can dance the night away. sibling relationship dance princess based on toy ballet Animation Family
691683 This remake of the beloved classic follows the raucous exploits of a blended family of 12 the Bakers as they navigate a hectic home life while simultaneously managing their family business. based on novel or book big family remake large family Family Comedy
740658 Liang Qu is a chic confident and cold but charming half cat half human due to a magic spell and he has the ability to melt/heal broken hearts. He lives with Miao Xiao Wan an honest confident woman who's created an app that translates cats' sounds and language. nan Romance Fantasy Comedy
14728 While on a dangerous mission to recover the historic Judas Chalice Flynn is saved by Simone. But when double-crossed by a respected professor and ambushed by a ruthless gang Flynn realizes Simone's secret his true mission and a shocking discovery are all lying within a decaying New Orleans crypt. vampire new orleans louisiana mythology treasure hunt judas dracula Fantasy Adventure Comedy
162 A small suburban town receives a visit from a castaway unfinished science experiment named Edward. underdog small town unsociability inventor hairdresser isolation scissors burglar love at first sight fairy tale sadness symbolism castle alone flashback tragic love snow gothic told in flashback christmas horror christmas artificial hair salon signs & wonders love story goth frankenstein topiary Fantasy Drama Romance
44683 During a summer stay on the mainland Tinker Bell is accidentally discovered while investigating a little girl's fairy house. As the other fairies led by the brash Vidia launch a daring rescue in the middle of a fierce storm Tink develops a special bond with the lonely little girl. rescue london england countryside flying parent child relationship magic fairy tale fairy peter pan vacation friends growing up summer scientist father daughter conflict tinkerbell Animation Adventure Family Fantasy
426543 When Clara’s mother leaves her a mysterious gift she embarks on a journey to four secret realms—where she discovers her greatest strength could change the world. princess magic fairy tale betrayal magical object based on short story christmas Fantasy Adventure Family
641501 Paris 2020. While superheroes have assimilated into the Parisian society they discover a new drug that gives themselves personal superpowers to mere mortals. Lieutenants Moreau and Schaltzmann are investigating the case with the support of two ex-superheroes Monte Carlo and Callista. They'll do whatever it takes to dismantle the traffic. But Moreau's past resurfaces and the investigation becomes more complicated. based on novel or book superhero Science Fiction Adventure Action Comedy Thriller
503736 Following a zombie outbreak in Las Vegas a group of mercenaries take the ultimate gamble: venturing into the quarantine zone to pull off the greatest heist ever attempted. casino tiger vault mercenary safe heist zombie animals apocalypse zombie las vegas widower safecracker booby trap casino owner walled city zombie apocalypse father daughter conflict father daughter relationship casino heist assertive Action Crime Horror
7443 The creators of Wallace & Gromit bring you an exciting and original story about a group of chickens determined to fly the coop–even if they can’t fly! It’s hardly poultry in motion when Rocky attempts to teach Ginger and her feathered friends to fly…but with teamwork determination and a little bit o’ cluck the fearless flock plots one last attempt in a spectacular bid for freedom. chicken farm northern england freedom yorkshire stop motion escape explosion farmer pie machine claymation plasticine royal air force raf Animation Comedy Family
567609 A bride's wedding night takes a sinister turn when her eccentric new in-laws force her to take part in a terrifying game. satanism ritual pact with the devil marriage games murder gore wealth escape wedding wedding dress satanic cult Comedy Horror Thriller
785752 When a husband and wife move to a small town a home invasion leaves the wife traumatized and suspicious that those around her might not be who they seem. nan Thriller
956 Retired from active duty and training recruits for the Impossible Mission Force agent Ethan Hunt faces the toughest foe of his career: Owen Davian an international broker of arms and information who is as cunning as he is ruthless. Davian emerges to threaten Hunt and all that he holds dear -- including the woman Hunt loves. mask mission berlin germany cia computer the white house shanghai china funeral explosive secret mission spy vatican secret identity traitor map honeymoon pretended murder letter covered investigation secret agent stamp hard drive e mail decipherment suitcase revenge murder hospital duel disguise celebration research laboratory blast Adventure Action Thriller
10867 During WWII a teenage boy discovering himself becomes love-stricken by Malèna a sensual woman living in a small narrow-minded Italian town. sicily italy jealousy world war ii longing sex trafficking intrigue pretty woman Drama
520763 Following the events at home the Abbott family now face the terrors of the outside world. Forced to venture into the unknown they realize that the creatures that hunt by sound are not the only threats that lurk beyond the sand path. island radio transmission post apocalyptic future alien life form sequel alien child in peril psychological thriller creature alien invasion parenting survival horror alien monster human vs alien sign languages alien attack hearing impaired Science Fiction Thriller Horror
682 Cool government operative James Bond searches for a stolen invention that can turn the sun's heat into a destructive weapon. He soon crosses paths with the menacing Francisco Scaramanga a hitman so skilled he has a seven-figure working fee. Bond then joins forces with the swimsuit-clad Mary Goodnight and together they track Scaramanga to a Thai tropical isle hideout where the killer-for-hire lures the slick spy into a deadly maze for a final duel. gold exotic island martial arts assassin london england based on novel or book england hitman secret mission villain bangkok thailand thailand floatplane karate hong kong duel secret service aftercreditsstinger Adventure Action Thriller
755566 An LA vampire hunter has a week to come up with the cash to pay for his kid's tuition and braces. Trying to make a living these days just might kill him. california vampire hunter (slayer) los angeles california buddy comedy Action Fantasy Horror Comedy
"9353 Nacho Libre is loosely based on the story of Fray Tormenta (""Friar Storm"") aka Rev. Sergio Gutierrez Benitez a real-life Mexican Catholic priest who had a 23-year career as a masked luchador. He competed in order to support the orphanage he directed. mexico nun sports monk secret identity orphanage wrestling wilderness ringer money catholic luchador masked wrestler inner conflict Comedy Family Drama"
406990 In a world where families are limited to one child due to overpopulation a set of identical septuplets must avoid being put to a long sleep by the government and dangerous infighting while investigating the disappearance of one of their own. chase fake identity dystopia overpopulation investigation betrayal conspiracy execution alternate reality population control secrecy septuplets 2070s Science Fiction Thriller Drama Mystery Action
12230 When a litter of dalmatian puppies are abducted by the minions of Cruella De Vil the parents must find them before she uses them for a diabolical fashion statement. In a Disney animation classic Dalmatian Pongo is tired of his bachelor-dog life. He spies lovely Perdita and maneuvers his master Roger into meeting Perdita's owner Anita. The owners fall in love and marry keeping Pongo and Perdita together too. After Perdita gives birth to a litter of 15 puppies Anita's old school friend Cruella De Vil wants to buy them all. Roger declines her offer so Cruella hires the criminal Badun brothers to steal them -- so she can have a fur coat. london england puppy dog dalmatian female villain pets Adventure Animation Comedy Family
7220 When undercover FBI agent Frank Castle's wife and son are slaughtered he becomes 'the Punisher' -- a ruthless vigilante willing to go to any length to avenge his family. chain submachine gun undercover vigilante twin brother based on comic revenge neighbor organized crime one man army massacre family reunion pier tampa florida fbi agent brutal violence Action Crime Drama
37724 When Bond's latest assignment goes gravely wrong agents around the world are exposed and MI6 headquarters is attacked. While M faces challenges to her authority and position from Gareth Mallory the new Chairman of the Intelligence and Security Committee it's up to Bond aided only by field agent Eve to locate the mastermind behind the attack. spy secret agent sociopath mi6 killer art gallery british secret service uzi booby trap impersonating a police officer macao komodo dragon Action Adventure Thriller
756681 A group of spanish tourists in Venice finds themselves fighting for their lives against locals that are not too keen on foreigners. nan Horror
"158852 Bound by a shared destiny a bright optimistic teen bursting with scientific curiosity and a former boy-genius inventor jaded by disillusionment embark on a danger-filled mission to unearth the secrets of an enigmatic place somewhere in time and space that exists in their collective memory as ""Tomorrowland."" inventor apocalypse destiny dreamer futuristic car futuristic city Adventure Family Mystery Science Fiction"
200727 Since the moment they met at age 5 Rosie and Alex have been best friends facing the highs and lows of growing up side by side. A fleeting shared moment one missed opportunity and the decisions that follow send their lives in completely different directions. As each navigates the complexities of life love and everything in between they always find their way back to each other - but is it just friendship or something more? based on novel or book friendship best friend teenage pregnancy friends in love missed opportunity Comedy Romance
831405 When Lois Lane is killed an unhinged Superman decides to take control of the Earth. Determined to stop him Batman creates a team of freedom-fighting heroes. But when superheroes go to war can the world survive? superhero based on comic based on video game Animation Science Fiction Fantasy Action
450465 In a series of escalating encounters former security guard David Dunn uses his supernatural abilities to track Kevin Wendell Crumb a disturbed man who has twenty-four personalities. Meanwhile the shadowy presence of Elijah Price emerges as an orchestrator who holds secrets critical to both men. villain sequel superhero psychiatric hospital comic book shop super power mental illness multiple personality dissociative identity disorder surveillance specialist Thriller Drama Science Fiction
37797 Shizuku lives a simple life dominated by her love for stories and writing. One day she notices that all the library books she has have been previously checked out by the same person: 'Seiji Amasawa'. italy library cat dream writing education violin love train high school student violin maker grade anime Animation Drama Family
10530 Pocahontas daughter of a Native American tribe chief falls in love with an English soldier as colonists invade 17th century Virginia. culture clash forbidden love colony musical gold rush princess native american colonisation virginia star crossed lovers intercultural relationship based on myths legends or folklore 17th century shamanism animal sidekick Adventure Animation Family Romance
816904 Through a series of unfortunate events three mummies end up in present-day London and embark on a wacky and hilarious journey in search of an old ring belonging to the Royal Family stolen by ambitious archaeologist Lord Carnaby. egypt london england museum mummy chariot race musical wedding ring archaeologist ancient egypt aftercreditsstinger journey present day Animation Adventure Fantasy
784500 While under the care of the Outer Sailor Guardians Hotaru begins to age rapidly. Then the time comes for all the Sailor Guardians to reunite! sequel based on manga anime magical girl Animation Action Adventure Comedy Drama Fantasy Romance
672582 While diving in a remote French lake a couple of YouTubers who specialise in underwater exploration videos discover a house submerged in the deep waters. What was initially a unique finding soon turns into a nightmare when they discover that the house was the scene of atrocious crimes. Trapped with their oxygen reserves falling dangerously they realise the worst is yet to come: they are not alone in the house. france diving lake haunted house supernatural scuba diving drone underwater diver youtube satanic ritual ghost aftercreditsstinger holding breath under water Horror
50544 Dylan and Jamie think it's going to be easy to add the simple act of sex to their friendship despite what Hollywood romantic comedies would have them believe. They soon discover however that getting physical really does always lead to complications. friendship jealousy job interview orgasm love friends hospital beach house hollywood sign job hunting aftercreditsstinger duringcreditsstinger Romance Comedy
123553 In New York City Clary Fray a seemingly ordinary teenager learns that she is descended from a line of Shadowhunters — half-angel warriors who protect humanity from evil forces. After her mother disappears Clary joins forces with a group of Shadowhunters and enters Downworld an alternate realm filled with demons vampires and a host of other creatures. Clary and her companions must find and protect an ancient cup that holds the key to her mother's future. angel based on novel or book vampire werewolf warlock downworlder shadowhunter demon hunter based on young adult novel Fantasy Action Mystery
643586 When his car breaks down a quiet loner agrees to clean an abandoned family fun center in exchange for repairs. He soon finds himself waging war against possessed animatronic mascots while trapped inside Willy's Wonderland. nightmare carnival mascot evil doll possession apocalypse demon amusement park animatronic demonic Action Horror Comedy
449443 A gritty crime saga which follows the lives of an elite unit of the LA County Sheriff's Dept. and the state's most successful bank robbery crew as the outlaws plan a seemingly impossible heist on the Federal Reserve Bank. detective police brutality fbi donut strip club heist shootout los angeles california divorce bank robbery death ex marine armored truck donut shop Action Thriller Crime
821138 Elena has ordered dinner at home but when she opens the door she discovers that the delivery man is Manu the one who was her great love and whom she has not seen for too many years. growing up coming of age family Comedy Drama
95 When an asteroid threatens to collide with Earth NASA honcho Dan Truman determines the only way to stop it is to drill into its surface and detonate a nuclear bomb. This leads him to renowned driller Harry Stamper who agrees to helm the dangerous space mission provided he can bring along his own hotshot crew. Among them is the cocksure A.J. who Harry thinks isn't good enough for his daughter until the mission proves otherwise. saving the world paris france moon washington dc usa loss of loved one cataclysm asteroid self sacrifice nasa space marine u.s. air force race against time natural disaster daughter space end of the world disaster wedding astronaut duringcreditsstinger disaster movie heroic mission space centre daring rescues Action Thriller Science Fiction Adventure
617653 King Charles VI declares that Knight Jean de Carrouges settle his dispute with his squire Jacques Le Gris by challenging him to a duel. based on novel or book normandy france based on true story knight duel historical sword duel rape and revenge squire 14th century medieval france Action Drama History
808396 Vice detective Bob Hightower finds his ex-wife murdered and daughter kidnapped by a cult. Frustrated by the botched official investigations he quits the force and infiltrates the cult to hunt down the leader with the help of the cult’s only female victim escapee Case Hardin. based on novel or book Thriller Action Crime
1685 The sole survivor of an interplanetary rescue mission lands on the planet of the apes and uncovers a horrible secret beneath the surface. dystopia mutant astronaut ape worship Adventure Science Fiction Mystery
338970 Lara Croft the fiercely independent daughter of a missing adventurer must push herself beyond her limits when she finds herself on the island where her father disappeared. island treasure hunt remake female protagonist heiress based on video game bicycle courier missing person reboot peril slave labor father daughter relationship Action Adventure Fantasy
911129 Roxana Aubrey decides to drop her studies and escape her life in Paris for a free diving course in the south of France. She is quickly pulled into a life that reaches new depths brought by the weight of an ocean's descent. nan Drama
698508 A retelling of the biblical book of Hosea set against the backdrop of the California Gold Rush of 1850. california rape love at first sight gold rush prayer evangelical christianity incest self doubt misogyny brothel madam 19th century christian propaganda self reflection child prostitution child selling misandry christian film christian faith biblical box office bomb 1850s hosea Romance Drama Western
15015 Long long ago in a time of magic and dragons there lived a girl named Rapunzel who had the most beautiful radiant hair the world had ever seen. But Rapunzel's life was far from wonderful. She lived as a servant to Gothel a jealous scheming witch who kept her hidden deep in a forbidding forest guarded by the enormous dragon Hugo and surrounded by an enchanted glass wall. However in a twist of fate Rapunzel's discovery of a magic paintbrush leads her on a journey that will unravel a web of deception bring peace to two feuding kingdoms and ultimately lead her to love with the help of Penelope(TM) the least intimidating of dragons! based on toy based on fairy tale Animation Family
207768 Naturally beautiful Katie has just settled into New York where she like many other young women is trying to make it as a model. But what starts out as an innocent and simple photo shoot soon turns into something disturbingly unthinkable! Raped tortured and kidnapped to a foreign country Jessica is buried alive and left to die. Against all odds she manages to escape. Severely injured she will have to tap into the darkest places of the human psyche to not only survive but to exact her revenge… rape exploitation sequel revenge model american express rape and revenge Thriller Horror Crime
"13700 When a greedy outlaw schemes to take possession of the ""Patch Of Heaven"" dairy farm three determined cows a karate-kicking stallion and a colorful corral of critters join forces to save their home. The stakes are sky-high as this unlikely animal alliance risk their hides and match wits with a mysterious band of bad guys. farm animal dairy cow Animation Family"
646 In the film that launched the James Bond saga Agent 007 battles mysterious Dr. No a scientific genius bent on destroying the U.S. space program. As the countdown to disaster begins Bond must go to Jamaica where he encounters beautiful Honey Ryder to confront a megalomaniacal villain in his massive island headquarters. london england england assassination spy casino based on novel or book exotic island card game space marine intelligence jamaica secret base secret mission baccarat secret organization secret intelligence service nuclear radiation villain secret agent atomic reactor caribbean sea Adventure Action Thriller
330459 A rogue band of resistance fighters unite for a mission to steal the Death Star plans and bring a new hope to the galaxy. rebellion spacecraft rebel space battle space travel prequel female protagonist space western suicide mission robot spin off space opera alien language against the odds blind man Action Adventure Science Fiction
"228967 Dave Skylark and his producer Aaron Rapaport run the celebrity tabloid show ""Skylark Tonight"". When they land an interview with a surprise fan North Korean dictator Kim Jong-un they are recruited by the CIA to turn their trip to Pyongyang into an assassination mission. cia socialism coup d'etat assassination attempt evil dictator north korea Action Comedy"
518068 As the deceased soul Ja-hong and his three afterlife guardians prepare for their remaining trials for reincarnation the guardians soon come face to face with the truth of their tragic time on Earth 1000 years earlier. afterlife hell trial based on comic god grim reaper myth goryeo dynasty based on webcomic or webtoon Action Adventure Fantasy Thriller
277217 A present-day idyllic kingdom where the benevolent teenage son of King Adam and Queen Belle offers a chance of redemption for the troublemaking offspring of Disney's classic villains: Cruella De Vil (Carlos) Maleficent (Mal) the Evil Queen (Evie) and Jafar (Jay). witch magic fairy tale villain high school teen movie fairy godmother teenage protagonist maleficent Family Music Adventure Comedy Fantasy TV Movie
857910 Through songs and puns comedian Lokillo Florez hilariously reviews how Latin Americans have adjusted to a new world where no-hugging policies prevail. stand up comedy Comedy
850818 Barbie swaps the sunny shores of Malibu for the bright lights of Broadway to attend an excusive summer performing arts program and meets…Barbie!  Fast friends the two discover they share more than a name as they explore New York City and all the amazing things they have in common.  As they compete for the coveted once-in-a-lifetime Spotlight Solo from Times Square the friends discover competition isn’t all about winning it’s about striving to be your best overcoming doubts and sharing the spotlight. based on toy Animation Music Family
9598 Babe is a little pig who doesn't quite know his place in the world. With a bunch of odd friends like Ferdinand the duck who thinks he is a rooster and Fly the dog he calls mum Babe realises that he has the makings to become the greatest sheep pig of all time and Farmer Hogget knows it. With the help of the sheep dogs Babe learns that a pig can be anything that he wants to be. farm sheep pig alarm clock cat duck heroism affection piglet anthropomorphism based on children's book dog separation farmer grandson sheepdog talking pig christmas Fantasy Drama Comedy Family
843267 The second out of six movie sequels to the TV series. anime Animation Action Adventure Drama Mystery
1892 Luke Skywalker leads a mission to rescue his friend Han Solo from the clutches of Jabba the Hutt while the Emperor seeks to destroy the Rebellion once and for all with a second dreaded Death Star. spacecraft sibling relationship rebel emperor space battle matter of life and death forest desert space opera Adventure Action Science Fiction
"15255 Heavyweight Champ George ""Iceman"" Chambers is sent to a Russian jail on trumped-up drug charges. In order to win his freedom he must fight against the jailhouse fighting champ Uri Boyka in a battle to the death. This time he is not fighting for a title he is fighting for his life! jail Action Crime Thriller"
618162 Gunning for revenge outlaw Nat Love saddles up with his gang to take down enemy Rufus Buck a ruthless crime boss who just got sprung from prison. prison release from prison revenge bank robbery cowboy wild west quick draw outlaw gang 19th century Western
949423 Trapped on her family’s isolated farm Pearl must tend to her ailing father under the bitter and overbearing watch of her devout mother. Lusting for a glamorous life like she’s seen in the movies Pearl’s ambitions temptations and repressions collide. farm pornography dance performance world war i confession texas alligator barn prequel murder serial killer slasher corpse murderer lust religious fundamentalism audition mental illness projectionist isolated farmhouse pandemic 1910s mother daughter relationship origin story aspiring actress Horror Drama
2770 After a year apart - attending different schools meeting different people - the guys rent a beach house and vow to make this the best summer ever. As it turns out whether that will happen or not has a lot to do with the girls. Between the wild parties outrageous revelations and yes a trip to band camp they discover that times change and people change but in the end it's all about sticking together. summer beach house group of friends tantra superglue sex comedy Comedy Romance
792 As a young and naive recruit in Vietnam Chris Taylor faces a moral crisis when confronted with the horrors of war and the duality of man. dying and death vietnam war ambush war crimes village mine bunker infantry jungle gang rape soldier battle violent death false accusations platoon combat casualty of war marijuana joint marijuana pipe anti war wounded soldier conscripts military draft violent man american soldiers tour of duty murder witness army vs civilians war crime Drama War Action
851907 An upcoming animated Sesame Street special premiering on HBO Max on August 5 2021. The special serves as an introduction to Tango Elmo's new pet puppy. nan Animation Family
504253 After his classmate and crush is diagnosed with a pancreatic disease an average high schooler sets out to make the most of her final days. based on novel or book tragedy hospital anime Animation Drama Romance
555604 During the rise of fascism in Mussolini's Italy a wooden boy brought magically to life struggles to live up to his father's expectations. based on novel or book italy fascism greed woodcutter musical puppet benito mussolini stop motion dark fantasy duringcreditsstinger 1940s wooden dummy live action remake pinocchio Animation Fantasy Drama Family Music
613093 During the Spanish Civil War sworn enemies must work together when they encounter flesh-eating zombies created in a Nazi experiment. spain experiment nazi zombie Comedy Horror War
366170 Yugi and Kaiba have a special duel that transcends dimensions. anime Adventure Animation
214 Jigsaw has disappeared. Along with his new apprentice Amanda the puppet-master behind the cruel intricate games that have terrified a community and baffled police has once again eluded capture and vanished. While city detective scrambles to locate him Doctor Lynn Denlon and Jeff Reinhart are unaware that they are about to become the latest pawns on his vicious chessboard. brain tumor suffocation sadism horror torture survival horror death match mutilation mind game Horror Thriller Crime
254 In 1933 New York an overly ambitious movie producer coerces his cast and hired ship crew to travel to mysterious Skull Island where they encounter Kong a giant ape who is immediately smitten with the leading lady. new york city show business movie business exotic island human animal relationship great depression giant insect remake prehistoric creature dinosaur creature kaiju empire state building giant ape woman in peril 1930s giant gorilla Adventure Drama Action
1593 Chaos reigns at the natural history museum when night watchman Larry Daley accidentally stirs up an ancient curse awakening Attila the Hun an army of gladiators a Tyrannosaurus rex and other exhibits. night shift skeleton chaos maya civilization museum genghis khan natural history dinosaur based on children's book magical object security guard duringcreditsstinger inanimate objects come to life Action Adventure Comedy Family Fantasy
433 Mr Banks is looking for a nanny for his two mischievous children and comes across Mary Poppins an angelic nanny. She not only brings a change in their lives but also spreads happiness. london england sibling relationship based on novel or book parent child relationship magic nanny musical family kite flying live action and animation 1910s chimney sweep suffragettes wonder lighthearted joyous adoring awestruck cheerful joyful optimistic sympathetic vibrant Comedy Family Fantasy
9426 When Seth Brundle makes a huge scientific and technological breakthrough in teleportation he decides to test it on himself. Unbeknownst to him a common housefly manages to get inside the device and the two become one. monster experiment mutant mutation transformation to beam remake creature scientist bodily dismemberment parasite underneath skin fly (insect) animal horror melting body horror Horror Science Fiction
13205 Return to the forest and join Bambi as he reunites with his father The Great Prince who must now raise the young fawn on his own. But in the adventure of a lifetime the proud parent discovers there is much he can learn from his spirited young son. based on novel or book parent child relationship loss of loved one bullying relationship problems sequel animal fawn cartoon deer Animation Drama Family
736732 Sang-hyeon is always struggling from debt and Dong-soo works at a baby box facility. On a rainy night they steal the baby Woo-sung who was left in the baby box to sell him at a good price. Meanwhile detectives were watching and they quietly track them down to capture the crucial evidence. baby adoption investigation broker road trip family relationships road movie abandoned baby busan south korea baby box Drama Comedy
11906 An American newcomer to a prestigious German ballet academy comes to realize that the school is a front for something sinister amid a series of grisly murders. witch boarding school germany ballet whodunit young woman gothic evil coven (akelarre) ballet school dance school dance academy Horror
884 After getting into a serious car accident a TV director discovers an underground sub-culture of scarred omnisexual car-crash victims and he begins to use car accidents and the raw sexual energy they produce to try to rejuvenate his sex life with his wife. dying and death adultery husband wife relationship based on novel or book sexual obsession pain sadism sexuality obsession fetish eroticism car journey fetishism wound masochism deceived husband cult hospital car accident car wreck erotic anti social behaviour absurd depressing symphoriphilia Drama
505600 Two academic teenage superstars realize on the eve of their high school graduation that they should have worked less and played more. Determined to never fall short of their peers the girls set out on a mission to cram four years of fun into one night. high school house party coming of age buddy high school student lgbt woman director teenager Comedy
843847 The remarkable true story of how retiree Jerry Selbee discovers a mathematical loophole in the Massachusetts lottery and with the help of his wife Marge wins $27 million dollars and uses the money to revive their small Michigan town. small town michigan mathematics massachusetts harvard university lottery based on true story winning lottery based on magazine newspaper or article Comedy Drama
783675 Shohoku's “speedster” and point guard Ryota Miyagi always plays with brains and lightning speed running circles around his opponents while feigning composure. In his second year of high school Ryota plays with the Shohoku High School basketball team along with Sakuragi Rukawa Akagi and Mitsui as they take the stage at the Inter-High School National Championship. And now they are on the brink of challenging the reigning champions Sannoh Kogyo High School. competition basketball high school sports romance tournament based on manga shounen anime dunk Animation Comedy Drama
10019 Jonathan Switcher an unemployed artist finds a job as an assistant window dresser for a department store. When Jonathan happens upon a beautiful mannequin he previously designed she springs to life and introduces herself as Emmy an Egyptian under an ancient spell. Despite interference from the store's devious manager Jonathan and his mannequin fall in love while creating eye-catching window displays to keep the struggling store in business. new love department store mannequin transformation puppet romantic comedy window dresser mannequin come to life Fantasy Comedy Romance
10159 When Travis the mouthy son of a criminal disappears in the Amazon in search of a treasured artifact his father sends in Beck who becomes Travis's rival for the affections of Mariana a mysterious Brazilian woman. With his steely disposition Beck is a man of few words -- but it takes him all the discipline he can muster to work with Travis to nab a tyrant who's after the same treasure. bounty hunter hunter fight treasure hunt amazon rainforest gold mine jungle brazil Adventure Action Comedy Thriller
339964 In the 28th century Valerian and Laureline are special operatives charged with keeping order throughout the human territories. On assignment from the Minister of Defense the two undertake a mission to Alpha an ever-expanding metropolis where species from across the universe have converged over centuries to share knowledge intelligence and cultures. At the center of Alpha is a mysterious dark force which threatens the peaceful existence of the City of a Thousand Planets and Valerian and Laureline must race to identify the menace and safeguard not just Alpha but the future of the universe. shapeshifting future utopia space travel based on comic alien alien planet energy alien abduction genocide parallel world political intrigue pacifist space opera military government agent marketplace trapped in space federal government unity cosmopolis Adventure Science Fiction Action
4922 I was born under unusual circumstances. And so begins The Curious Case of Benjamin Button adapted from the 1920s story by F. Scott Fitzgerald about a man who is born in his eighties and ages backwards: a man like any of us who is unable to stop time. We follow his story set in New Orleans from the end of World War I in 1918 into the 21st century following his journey that is as unusual as any man's life can be. Benjamin Button is a grand tale of a not-so-ordinary man and the people and places he discovers along the way the loves he finds the joys of life and the sadness of death and what lasts beyond time. diary navy funeral tea travel hospital based on short story reverse aging Drama Fantasy Romance
27449 A young woman uses her body and her sexuality to help her climb the social ladder but soon begins to wonder if her new status will ever bring her happiness. new york city paris france ambition mistress pre code speakeasy gold digger flirtation kept woman mischievous Drama
348350 Through a series of daring escapades deep within a dark and dangerous criminal underworld Han Solo meets his mighty future copilot Chewbacca and encounters the notorious gambler Lando Calrissian. spacecraft smuggling (contraband) prequel spin off space opera Science Fiction Adventure Action
134374 Daniel Lugo manager of the Sun Gym in 1990s Miami decides that there is only one way to achieve his version of the American dream: extortion. To achieve his goal he recruits musclemen Paul and Adrian as accomplices. After several failed attempts they abduct rich businessman Victor Kershaw and convince him to sign over all his assets to them. But when Kershaw makes it out alive authorities are reluctant to believe his story. miami florida scam weight lifting weightlifting duringcreditsstinger Action Crime Comedy
11423 During the late 1980s two detectives in a South Korean province attempt to solve the nation's first series of rape-and-murder cases. assassin rape corruption police detective investigation victim based on true story based on play or musical murder serial killer torture brutality killer neo noir south korea Crime Drama Thriller
347126 When a high school teacher is asked a question in class about Jesus her reasoned response lands her in deep trouble and could expel God from the public square once and for all. christianity pastor protest faith prayer high school lawsuit teacher school religion courtroom courtroom drama religious persecution legal drama christian film christian religious freedom freedom of religion Drama
36557 Le Chiffre a banker to the world's terrorists is scheduled to participate in a high-stakes poker game in Montenegro where he intends to use his winnings to establish his financial grip on the terrorist market. M sends Bond—on his maiden mission as a 00 Agent—to attend this game and prevent Le Chiffre from winning. With the help of Vesper Lynd and Felix Leiter Bond enters the most important poker game in his already dangerous career. italy poker casino based on novel or book terrorist banker money free running torture mi6 british secret service montenegro Adventure Action Thriller
770254 Tired of being locked in a reptile house where humans gawk at them like they are monsters a ragtag group of Australia’s deadliest creatures plot an escape from their zoo to the Outback a place where they’ll fit in without being judged. creature koala Animation Family Adventure Comedy
5175 It's vacation time for Carter as he finds himself alongside Lee in Hong Kong wishing for more excitement. While Carter wants to party and meet the ladies Lee is out to track down a Triad gang lord who may be responsible for killing two men at the American Embassy. Things get complicated as the pair stumble onto a counterfeiting plot. The boys are soon up to their necks in fist fights and life-threatening situations. A trip back to the U.S. may provide the answers about the bombing the counterfeiting and the true allegiance of sexy customs agent Isabella. martial arts los angeles california criminal investigation interracial friendship buddy cop duringcreditsstinger action hero good versus evil Action Comedy Crime
399402 Captain Glass of the USS Arkansas discovers that a coup d'état is taking place in Russia so he and his crew join an elite group working on the ground to prevent a war. submarine washington dc usa sniper pentagon u.s. navy special forces russian army naval base russian president post cold war Action Thriller
590995 An eclectic foursome of aspiring teenage witches get more than they bargained for as they lean into their newfound powers. witch magic black magic teen witch woman director karma love spell Horror Drama Fantasy
383887 Homer at the bat / Springfield / Homie the clown / Viva Ned Flanders nan Animation
20222 In Santiago Chile the schoolteacher Luisa proposes a debate about sex with the parents of her students with the intention of giving classes about sex education to the youngsters. nan Comedy Romance
"511679 This autobiography of Hector Delgado runs from his childhood to become one of the greatest exponents of the urban genre but the results of that life did not please him and led him to try to take his life  .After being victim of a firefight at a service station in Aguada a city hall in Puerto Rico he stopped earning at least two hundred American dollars for presentation and being ""devout of Jesus"" nan Drama Documentary"
10483 Terminal Island New York: 2020. Overcrowding in the US penal system has reached a breaking point. Prisons have been turned over to a monolithic Weyland Corporation which sees jails full of thugs as an opportunity for televised sport. Adrenalized inmates a global audience hungry for violence and a spectacular enclosed arena come together to form the 'Death Race' the biggest most brutal event. prison martial arts car race dystopia matter of life and death car crash prison guard prison escape exploding building vehicle combat street race remake car fire action hero death game Action Thriller Science Fiction
618851 After a total solar eclipse a dark circus troupe appears Mamoru is stricken with a mysterious malady and bad things start happening across the city. sequel based on manga anime magical girl Animation Action Fantasy
76 A young man and woman meet on a train in Europe and wind up spending one evening together in Vienna. Unfortunately both know that this will probably be their only night together. sunrise talking soulmates walking austria vienna austria semi autobiographical intimate romantic pretentious Drama Romance
607 After a police chase with an otherworldly being a New York City cop is recruited as an agent in a top-secret organization established to monitor and police alien activity on Earth: the Men in Black. Agent Kay and new recruit Agent Jay find themselves in the middle of a deadly plot by an intergalactic terrorist who has arrived on Earth to assassinate two ambassadors from opposing galaxies. new york city secret identity undercover space marine illegal immigration deportation new identity giant cockroach cannon flying saucer stay permit superhero based on comic alien buddy cop fictional government agency Action Adventure Comedy Science Fiction
579741 After meeting one day a shy boy who expresses himself through haiku and a bubbly but self-conscious girl share a brief magical summer. poem music record small town love slice of life insecurity chance meeting teenage romance haiku anime perseverance Animation Romance Drama
725405 Jae-kyung is embarrassed and runs away after seeing someone talking to herself at a bar. Did she live in her next room? Yuya and Jae-kyung who are free from misunderstanding are rapidly approaching. Soon they will develop into a relationship with each other. However the new relationship at the boarding house causes all relationships to break. To make matters worse Jae-kyung misunderstood Yuya's appearance to share her concerns with Ken. Can their relationship be restored? softcore Drama Romance
2907 When a man claiming to be long-lost Uncle Fester reappears after 25 years lost the family plans a celebration to wake the dead. But the kids barely have time to warm up the electric chair before Morticia begins to suspect Fester is fraud when he can't recall any of the details of Fester's life. dead wish vampire black humor uncle eccentric werewolf macabre loan shark accountant Comedy Fantasy
181533 When the magic powers of The Tablet of Ahkmenrah begin to die out Larry Daley spans the globe uniting favorite and new characters while embarking on an epic quest to save the magic before it is gone forever. night watchman museum natural history smithsonian Adventure Comedy Fantasy Family
562 NYPD cop John McClane's plan to reconcile with his estranged wife is thrown for a serious loop when minutes after he arrives at her office the entire building is overtaken by a group of terrorists. With little help from the LAPD wisecracking McClane sets out to single-handedly rescue the hostages and bring the bad guys down. based on novel or book terrorist christmas party s.w.a.t. hostage fbi vault murder heist shootout los angeles california one man army hostage negotiator one night 1980s action hero german Action Thriller
567604 A kidnapped Fred Savage is forced to endure Deadpool's PG-13 rendition of Deadpool 2 as a Princess Bride-esque story that's full of magic wonder & zero F's. superhero based on comic christmas Comedy Action Adventure
610253 The nightmare isn't over as unstoppable killer Michael Myers escapes from Laurie Strode's trap to continue his ritual bloodbath. Injured and taken to the hospital Laurie fights through the pain as she inspires residents of Haddonfield to rise up against Myers. Taking matters into their own hands the Strode women and other survivors form a vigilante mob to hunt down Michael and end his reign of terror once and for all. halloween vigilante sequel murder serial killer hospital slasher murderer killer house fire crime spree vigilantism escaped killer murder spree vigilante justice Horror Thriller
277216 In 1987 five young men using brutally honest rhymes and hardcore beats put their frustration and anger about life in the most dangerous place in America into the most powerful weapon they had: their music.  Taking us back to where it all began Straight Outta Compton tells the true story of how these cultural rebels—armed only with their lyrics swagger bravado and raw talent—stood up to the authorities that meant to keep them down and formed the world’s most dangerous group N.W.A.  And as they spoke the truth that no one had before and exposed life in the hood their voice ignited a social revolution that is still reverberating today. sibling relationship aids police brutality rap music hip hop parent child relationship husband wife relationship vandalism drug dealer nightclub ghetto freedom of speech gangster protest rapper recording contract rags to riches assault terminal illness road trip based on true story feud gang marijuana police chase hospital racism los angeles california detroit michigan racial slur wrongful arrest death of brother milwaukee wisconsin police raid police harassment duringcreditsstinger record company music tour 1980s intimidation by police los angeles riots compton california Drama Music History
567811 Beckett is a pampered and selfish cat who totally takes for granted the lucky hand he has been dealt. All that is about to change however when he carelessly loses his ninth life. nan Animation Comedy Family Fantasy
